 ASSET SALE AGREEMENT DATED 2-20-2002   
ASSET SALE AGREEMENT   This Asset Sale Agreement (this "Agreement") is made
and entered into as of February 20, 2002, by and between (i) KIAC, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("KIAC"), and (ii) Kellstrom Industries, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (including its successors and permitted assigns,
"Kellstrom"), and each of the corporations listed in Schedule 1 hereto
(including its successors and permitted assigns, a "Subsidiary Seller").  
RECITALS   WHEREAS, each of Kellstrom and the Subsidiary Sellers (each
of Kellstrom and such Subsidiary Sellers being hereinafter referred to as
a "Seller") intends, promptly following the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by each of KIAC and Sellers, to file in the United States
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the "Bankruptcy Court") a
petition in bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code; and  
WHEREAS, each Seller wishes (a) to sell, transfer, convey, assign and deliver
(and, with respect to the Foreign Assets, to cause the Foreign Subsidiaries
to sell, transfer, convey, assign and deliver) to KIAC, as promptly as
practicable following such filings and in accordance with Sections 363
and 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, all of the Purchased Assets, (b) to assume
and assign to KIAC the Miramar Lease and the other Assumed Contracts (in each
case, as defined hereinbelow) and (c) to appoint KIAC as its agent to sell,
lease, exchange or otherwise transfer the Consigned Inventory (in each case,
as hereinafter defined and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement); and   WHEREAS, KIAC wishes (a) to purchase and
take delivery of such Purchased Assets, (b) to assume such Miramar Lease and
other Assumed Contracts, and (c) to accept on consignment and act as
Sellers\' agent in respect of the Consigned Inventory, upon such terms and
subject to such conditions).   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, KIAC and each of Sellers hereby
agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   DEFINITIONS   All terms which are
defined in the preceding provisions of this Agreement shall, when used in
this Agreement, have the meanings ascribed to them in such provisions. All
other capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the following
meanings:   "Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other
person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with that Person.      "Agent" shall mean (i) Bank of
America, N.A., a national banking association, as agent for the lenders under
that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of
December 14, 1998 (the "Senior Loan Agreement"), by and among Kellstrom,
certain subsidiaries of Kellstrom, Bank of America, N.A. and the financial
institutions parties thereto from time to time and (ii) any successor agent
appointed pursuant to such agreement.   "Agent\'s Lien" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b) hereof.   "Agreement Termination
Amount" shall mean the sum of $2,000,000.   "Approved Vendor" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.3(d) hereof.   "Assumed Contracts" shall
mean the contracts or agreements listed in Schedule 7A hereto (including, but
not limited to, the Retention Agreements, the Miramar Lease and all
agreements which any Seller shall enter into following the Petition Date,
which by their terms are assignable and which KIAC elects to take an
assignment of and assume pursuant to Section 9.2(c) hereof, but (except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) no other contracts
or agreements; provided, however, that the Assumed Contracts shall not
include any contract or agreement listed in Schedule 7A hereto which KIAC
shall, at any time prior to the entry of the Sale Procedures Order, determine
to exclude from the Assumed Contracts; and provided, further, that the
Assumed Contracts shall also include any contract or agreement not listed in
Schedule 7A hereto which Sellers and KIAC shall, at any time prior to the
entry of the Sale Procedures Order, agree in writing to include in the
Assumed Contracts. In the event that KIAC shall so determine to exclude or
include any such contract or agreement, KIAC shall so inform Sellers in
writing and Schedule 7A shall be amended ipso facto to reflect such exclusion
or inclusion.   "Assumed Liabilities" shall mean all of the liabilities and
obligations of each Seller listed or described under such Seller\'s name in
Schedule 7B hereto, including, but not limited to, (i) the liabilities and
obligations of such Seller under (A) each of the Retention Agreements to
which such Seller shall be a party and (B) the Assumed Contracts to which it
is a party (but, in each case, only to the extent that such liabilities and
obligations arise following the Closing and are not in any way related to a
period that precedes the Closing), (ii) all liabilities of Sellers for which
KIAC is to be responsible by reason of the prorations which are to be made
pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof, but no other liabilities or obligations
unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement.   "Assumption
Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(b)9ii) hereof.  
"Auction Sale" shall mean the auction sale to be conducted under Section 363
of the Bankruptcy Code in accordance with the Sale Procedures Order.   "AVS"
means Aviation Sales Company, a Delaware corporation.    2   
"Bankruptcy Code" shall mean the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. ss.
101 et seq., as amended, or any successor thereto, and any rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Bankruptcy Code Liens" shall have the
meaning set forth in the definition of "lien" in ss. 101(33) of the
Bankruptcy Code.   "Bankruptcy Court" shall have the meaning set forth in
the first WHEREAS clause of the Recitals of this Agreement.   "Benefit
Plans" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.16(b) hereof.   "Bill
of Sale" shall mean the general bill of sale and assignment referred to in
Section 5.2(a)(i) hereof.   "Book Value" shall at any time mean, in respect
of any asset owned by any Person, the value at which such asset was carried
in the accounting books and records of Sellers, net of all depreciation and
other write-downs reflected in such books and records, on the date of this
Agreement. With respect to any asset that was not assigned a specific value
on a Seller\'s books on the date of this Agreement, such asset shall be
valued at the lower of (x) the lot cost or bulk cost thereof consistent with
Sellers\' past practices and (y) the Fair Market Value thereof.   "Business
Day" shall mean a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which
commercial banks in New York City, New York are authorized or required by Law
to close.   "Cash Portion of the Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set
forth in clause (ii) of Section 4.1 hereof.   "Cash Receipts Report" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 6.6(b) hereof.   "Chapter 11 Cases"
shall mean the voluntary cases to be commenced by the respective Sellers
under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code pursuant to Section 9.11(a)
hereof.   "Closing" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.2
hereof.   "Closing Date" shall mean the date on which the Closing shall
take place.   "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, and all regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Collateral
Agreements" shall mean the Bill of Sale, Assumption Agreement and the other
assignment or transfer documents delivered at the Closing.   "Competing
Offer" shall have the meaning set forth in the Sale Procedures Order.   
3    "Consent" shall mean any consent, approval or authorization of,
notice to, or designation, registration, declaration or filing with, any
Person.   "Consigned Inventory" shall mean all Parts that are included in
the Retained Assets, except for (a) any Parts sold or otherwise disposed of
by any Seller in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.3(b) hereof and
(b) any other Retained Asset which shall have ceased to be owned by any
Seller at any time on or after the date of this Agreement and prior to the
commencement of the Consignment Period; provided, however, that (i) any Part
sold pursuant to this Agreement, but entitled to be returned by the purchaser
thereof shall, upon such return as provided herein, automatically and without
further act be deemed to constitute Consigned Inventory hereunder, (ii) any
Part returned as provided in Section 6.3(j) hereof shall upon such return or
other disposition automatically and without further act cease to be deemed to
constitute Consigned Inventory hereunder, and (iii) any Part received in an
exchange transaction pursuant to Section 6.5(h) hereof shall automatically
and without further act be deemed to constitute Consigned Inventory
hereunder.   "Consigned Verified Parts" shall mean those Parts listed on
Schedule 28 hereto and verified to exist pursuant to the physical inventory
performed by Sellers pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 6.7(e)
hereof and consigned to KIAC pursuant hereto.   "Consignment Period" shall
mean the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the Consignment
Termination Date.   "Consignment Report" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.6(a) hereof.   "Consignment Report Date" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 6.6(a) hereof.   "Consignment Termination Date" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 6.9(b) hereof.   "Consignment
Termination Event" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.9(a)
hereof.   "Contract" shall mean any agreement, contract, lease,
commitment, license, undertaking or other legally binding contractual right
or obligation to which a Person is a party or by which such Person or any of
its assets or properties is bound.   "Credit Limit Payment Date" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 6.5(d) hereof.   "Data" shall mean all
documents, books, drawings, logs, manuals and records relating to the
Purchased Assets, the Miramar Facility, the Miramar Leasehold or the
Consigned Inventory (including, without limitation, maintenance and
operations records relating to the Parts).    4    "Deposit" shall mean
the deposits in the aggregate amount of $5,000,000 to be made by KIAC
pursuant to Section 5.1(b) hereof.   "Designated Location" shall mean (i)
each of the locations listed on Schedule 21 hereto, (ii) each other location
to which Sellers hereafter consent upon written request by KIAC to designate
as a Designated Location (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed and shall be deemed given in the event that Sellers do not respond
within ten days after receipt of written request from KIAC), and (iii) with
respect to any item of Consigned Inventory that is sent to an Approved
Vendor, the location of such Approved Vendor for the duration of such item\'s
presence at such Approved Vendor location.   "DIP Financing Agreement"
shall mean that certain Post-Petition Loan and Security Agreement, to be
dated on or about February 20, 2002 by and among Kellstrom, certain
subsidiaries named therein, the financial institutions party thereto and Bank
of America, N.A., as agent.   "Engine" shall mean any aircraft engine and
each part or parts attached thereto.   "Environmental Claim" shall mean any
written notice by any Governmental Authority or Person alleging potential
liability (including, without limitation, potential liability for
investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental response costs, natural
resources damages, property damages, personal injuries or penalties) (A)
which would have a material and adverse effect on any of the Purchased
Assets, the Miramar Facility or the Miramar Leasehold, the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby or KIAC\'s ability to own or lease, use
or operate (as the case may be) the Purchased Assets, the Miramar Facility or
the Miramar Leasehold, in substantially the same manner as the Purchased
Assets, the Miramar Facility and the Miramar Leasehold, are presently owned,
leased, used or operated by Seller and (B) arising out of, based on
or resulting from (x) the presence, or release into the environment, of
any Material of Environmental Concern at any location, whether or not owned
by any Seller or KIAC or (y) any material violation, or alleged violation, of
any Environmental Law.   "Environmental Laws" shall mean all Laws
applicable to the respective Purchased Assets, the Miramar Facility or the
Miramar Leasehold relating to pollution or protection of human health or the
environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water,
ground water, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without
limitation, laws and regulations relating to emissions, discharges, releases
or threatened releases of Materials of Environmental Concern arising from or
relating to the Purchased Assets, the Miramar Facility or the Miramar
Leasehold, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of
Materials of Environmental Concern arising from or relating to the Purchased
Assets, the Miramar Facility or the Miramar Leasehold, or the ownership or
lease, use or operation (as the case may be) thereof.   "ERISA" shall mean
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   
5    "Escrow Agent" shall have the meaning set forth in the
Escrow Agreement.   "Escrow Agreement" shall mean the Escrow Agreement
referred to in Section 5.1(b) hereof.   "Event of Default" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.9(c) hereof.   "Event of Loss" shall mean
with respect to any item of Consigned Inventory following the delivery
thereof to KIAC in accordance with Section 5.4 of this Agreement and prior to
any transfer thereof to a third party or return thereof to any Seller (in
each case, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement), (i) any loss
of such property or use thereof due to theft, disappearance, destruction or
damage beyond economic repair, (ii) any damage to such property which results
in an insurance settlement with respect to such property under the Property
Insurance on the basis of a total loss or a compromised or constructive total
loss, (iii) the condemnation, confiscation, appropriation or seizure of or
requisition of title to such property or the use of such property by or on
authority of any government or governmental authority to the extent that such
loss is a covered loss under the provisions of the Property Insurance, or
compensation is paid by any government or governmental authority, or (iv) ten
days following receipt by KIAC of written notice from any Seller of the
removal of such property to any location other than a Designated Location
(other than in connection with a sale, lease or exchange transaction).  
"Exchange Fee" shall mean the price (including, without limitation, any late
fee) charged by KIAC to a third party in connection with an
exchange transaction (but excluding any amount charged to the third party for
repairing the Part exchanged by such third party).   "Existing Repair
Orders" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(e) hereof.   "FAA"
shall mean the Federal Aviation Administration or any successor thereto.  
"Fair Market Value" shall mean, with respect to any asset at any time, the
value of such asset, as mutually agreed by KIAC and the Agent to be the
fair market value of such asset (or, if KIAC and the Agent cannot agree, the
value ascribed to such asset as its fair market value at such time by a third
party appraiser of nationally recognized reputation mutually selected by KIAC
and the Agent (or, if KIAC and the Agent cannot reach agreement on the
selection of a third party appraiser, a third party appraiser shall be
selected by the Independent Accountants)).   "Federal Aviation Act" shall
mean those chapters of Title 49 of the United States Code known as the United
States Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended, and all regulations,
rulings, interpretations and guidelines published thereunder and from time to
time in effect.   "FFandE;" shall mean the Leased FFandE; and the Owned
FFandE.;    6    "Final Order" shall mean an order or judgment the
operation or effect of which is not stayed, and as to which order or judgment
(or any revision, modification or amendment thereof), the time to appeal or
seek review or rehearing has expired, and as to which no appeal or petition
for review or motion for reargument has been taken or been made and is
pending for argument.   "Force Majeure Waiting Period" shall mean the 90-day
or 15-day period referred to in Section 6.10(b) hereof.   "Foreign Assets"
shall mean all of the assets of the Foreign Subsidiaries which are listed or
described in Schedule 26 to this Agreement.   "Foreign Subsidiaries" shall
mean each of the Subsidiaries of Sellers which are listed or described in
Schedule 27 to this Agreement.   "Governmental Authority" shall mean any
federal, state, local or foreign government or any subdivision, agency,
instrumentality, authority, department, commission, board or bureau thereof
or any federal, state, local or foreign court, tribunal or arbitrator
(including, without limitation, the Bankruptcy Court).   "Gross Sales
Price" shall mean the total price invoiced in connection with the sale, lease
or exchange of any item of Consigned Inventory (including, without
limitation, any Part) minus any amount or amounts invoiced to the customer
for the actual cost of insurance, freight, shipping, Sales Taxes, customs and
duties, rebates and discounts and allowances and third party handling charges
included in such total price or amount owed.   "HSR Act" means Hart-Scott-
Rodino Act of 1976, as amended.   "Improvements" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 7.18(b) hereof.   "Independent Accountants" shall mean
KPMG or any other firm of independent certified public accountants of
national reputation mutually agreeable to KIAC and Sellers.   "Initial
Performance Benchmark" shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of
"Performance Benchmark".   "Insured Value" shall mean, with respect to any
Part, an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such Part, as determined by
the insurer thereof at the time the insurance policy is issued or
renewed.   "Intellectual Property" shall mean (i) all inventions
(whether patentable or not patentable and whether or not reduced to
practice), all improvements thereto, and all patents, patent applications,
and patent disclosures, together with all reissuances, divisions,
continuations, continuations-in-part, revisions, renewals, extensions, and
reexaminations thereof, (ii) all registered and unregistered trademarks,
service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, and corporate names, together
with all translations,   7   adaptations, derivations, and combinations
thereof and including all goodwill associated therewith, and all
applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith, (iii) all
works of authorship, including, without limitation, all copyrightable works,
all copyrights, and all applications, registrations and renewals in
connection therewith, and all moral rights, (iv) all databases, data
compilations and data collections, (v) all trade secrets and confidential
information (including, without limitation, ideas, research and development,
know-how, processes, methods, techniques, technical data, designs, drawings,
specifications, customer and supplier lists, pricing and cost information,
and business, technical and marketing plans and proposals), (vi) all domain
names, web addresses and websites, (vii) all computer software, source code
and object code, whether embodied in software, firmware or
otherwise (including related data and documentation), (viii) all other
intellectual property and proprietary rights, and (ix) all copies and
tangible embodiments of all of the foregoing (i) through (ix) in any form or
medium. Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is
expressly acknowledged and agreed that Intellectual Property shall include
the design data for Parts Manufacturing Authorizations, STCs, Phoenix
Inventory Management System and Kellstrom Direct.com listed or described in
Schedule 5 hereto.   "Intercreditor and Sharing Agreement" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b) hereof.   "Inventory Locator Service"
shall mean the computerized on-line service used within the aviation industry
for the marketing for sale, lease or exchange of aviation parts and inventory
or such other substantially equivalent computerized on-line service as may
replace it.   "KAV" means KAV Inventory, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company.   "KIAC Credit Agreement" shall mean, the credit agreement among
KIAC, General Electric Capital Corporation, as agent, and the lenders party
thereto from time to time, as the same may be amended, restated, modified,
refinanced, refunded or replaced from time to time.   "KIAC Expenses" shall
mean KIAC\'s reasonable out of pocket expenses including, but not limited to,
reasonable and documented fees and expenses of KIAC\'s attorneys and
financial advisors, accountants and other consultants (if any) incurred at
any time subsequent to October 31, 2001 in connection with the negotiation
and performance of this Agreement and its due diligence investigation of
Sellers and the Purchased Assets, the Miramar Facility, the Miramar Leasehold
and the Consigned Inventory in connection with this Agreement, but excluding
those paid in connection with filings under the HSR Act.   "KIAC Lender"
shall mean, initially, General Electric Capital Corporation as agent for
itself and the other lenders party to the KIAC Credit Agreement from time to
time, together with its respective successors and assigns and any lender(s)
refunding, refinancing or otherwise replacing the obligations of KIAC under
KIAC Credit Agreement.    8    "KIAC Lender Lien" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 9.3(c) hereof.   "KIAC\'s Percentage" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.3(a) hereof.   "Knowledge" shall mean, with
respect to any corporation or similar entity, the knowledge of (i) any
officer of such entity after due inquiry by each such officer of each
appropriate employee of such entity (including, without limitation, each
employee who has responsibility for the day-to-day oversight of the area
covered by the section of this Agreement in which the term "Knowledge" is
used) and (ii) each such appropriate employee and "Knowledge of Sellers" or
"Sellers\' Knowledge" shall mean the Knowledge (as so defined) of
any Seller.   "KPMG" shall mean KPMG LLP.   "Labor Costs" shall mean the
cost of any third-party labor charges paid by KIAC which are incurred in the
repair, maintenance, overhaul, refurbishment, certification or modification
of any Part in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   "Law" shall
mean any federal, state, local or foreign order, writ, injunction, decree,
ordinance, award, stipulation, statute, judicial or administrative doctrine,
rule or regulation enacted, promulgated, issued or entered by a Governmental
Authority, including without limitation, the Bankruptcy Code, the Federal
Aviation Act and any Environmental Laws.   "Leased FFandE;" shall mean all
furniture, fixtures and equipment leased by any Seller as of the date hereof,
including, (but not limited to), the furniture, fixtures and equipment
located at the Miramar Facility as set forth on Schedule 20 hereto; provided,
however, that Leased FFandE; shall not include any furniture, fixtures or
equipment listed on Schedule 20A hereto.   "Lenders\' Agreement" shall mean
an agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto.   "Lenders\'
Obligations" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(e)(iv)
hereof.   "Liability Insurance" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.7(a)(ii) hereof.   "Liens" shall mean all title defects or
objections, mortgages, liens, claims, charges, pledges, or other encumbrances
of any nature whatsoever, including (without limitation) licenses, leases,
chattel or other mortgages, collateral security arrangements, pledges, title
imperfections, defect or objection liens, security interests, conditional and
installment sales agreements, easements, encroachments or restrictions, of
any kind and other title or interest retention arrangements, reservations or
limitations of any nature.   "Liquidating Trust" shall mean the trust
established by Sellers and to which Sellers may, in connection with the
Chapter 11 Cases and with Bankruptcy Court approval, assign and transfer all
right, title and interest of each Seller in and to all or a    9   part
of this Agreement, the Consigned Inventory, and certain Retained Assets
for the benefit of the Senior Lenders as the beneficiaries of the trust.  
"Liquidating Trustee" shall mean, on any date, the Person serving as trustee
of the Liquidating Trust.   "Makeup Price" shall have the meaning set forth
in the definition of Performance Benchmark.   "Material Adverse Effect"
shall mean (a) a material adverse effect on the business, results of
operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the businesses operated
by Sellers (taken as a whole), or (b) a material adverse effect on (i) the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) the legality, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement and the agreements and instruments to be
entered into in connection herewith, or the realization of the rights and
remedies hereunder or thereunder, or (iii) the ability of Sellers to perform
their obligations under this Agreement.   "Material Costs" shall mean the
aggregate of all costs charged to KIAC by a third-party maintenance provider
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement for any material used in the
repair, maintenance, overhaul, refurbishment, certification or modification
of any Part.   A "Material Reduction in Value" shall be deemed to have
occurred on any date if (a)(i) one or more of the representations or
warranties made by any Seller in Article VII or Section 9.3(a) hereof, or in
any Collateral Agreement was not true and correct in all respects (A) on the
date hereof or on the date of such Collateral Agreement (as the case may be)
or (B) on the date on which such Material Reduction in Value shall be deemed
to have occurred (in either case, a "Representation Date") or (ii) any Seller
shall have theretofore breached any covenant made by such Seller in this
Agreement or in any Collateral Agreement and (b)(i) the aggregate Fair Market
Value of the Purchased Assets, (excluding the Purchased Accounts Receivable),
the Consigned Inventory and the leasehold interest of the lessee under the
Miramar Leasehold on the applicable Representation Date is at least
$3,000,000 less than such aggregate Fair Market Value would have been had all
of the representations and warranties of each Seller been true and correct in
all respects on the applicable Representation Date and no such breach of
covenant had occurred, (ii) the actual results of operations or condition
(financial or otherwise) of the business operated by Sellers (taken as a
whole) are materially less favorable than such results or condition would
have been had all of the representations and warranties of each Seller been
true and correct in all respects on the applicable Representation Date and no
such breach of covenant had occurred, or (iii) KIAC shall be materially less
able to conduct the business currently conducted by Sellers than KIAC would
have been able to so conduct such business had all of the representations and
warranties of each Seller been true and correct in all respects on the
applicable Representation Date and no such breach of covenant had occurred.
Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, it
is acknowledged and agreed by each of KIAC and Sellers that, for purposes
of determining whether or not a representation or warranty was true and
correct in all respects within the meaning of this definition of
Material    10   Reduction in Value, each such representation or
warranty shall be deemed to have been made without any reference to, or
limitation based upon, (i) the Knowledge of any Person and (ii) whether or
not any circumstance or circumstances would result in or constitute a
Material Adverse Effect.   "Materials of Environmental Concern" shall mean
dangerous goods, hazardous, toxic or regulated substances, materials or
wastes as defined in the Environmental Laws.   "Miramar Facility" shall
mean the office and warehouse facility located at 3701 Flamingo Road,
Miramar, Florida.   "Miramar Lease" shall mean that certain sublease of the
Miramar Facility, dated as of December 1, 2000, by and between AVS (as
sublessor) and Kellstrom (as sublessee), as amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified as of the date hereof and as hereafter amended,
supplemented or modified with the prior written consent of KIAC subsequent to
the date hereof.   "Miramar Leasehold" shall mean all of the right, title
and interest of the lessee under the Miramar Lease in and to the Miramar
Facility.   "Monthly True Up Payment Date" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6.5(c) hereof.   "Net Sales Proceeds" shall mean with respect to
any item of Consigned Inventory sold, leased or exchanged by KIAC pursuant
hereto, the Gross Sales Price therefor by or for the account of KIAC, minus
the unreimbursed Reimbursable Expenses with respect to such item upon such
sale, lease or exchange.   "Net Sales Revenue" shall mean, with respect to
the sale, lease or exchange of any item of Consigned Inventory, the Net Sales
Proceeds therefor less the applicable Consignee Commission.   "Non-
Reimbursable Expenses" shall mean all costs and expenses incurred by KIAC
which are not Reimbursable Expenses, including, without limitation, all KIAC
employee salaries, overhead and costs and expenses incurred by KIAC
in connection with (i) the supervision by KIAC employees of the
repair, maintenance, overhaul, refurbishment, certification or modification
of any Parts, (ii) the sale, lease or exchange of Parts, (iii) Parts tracking
and accountability, (iv) Parts warehousing, (v) extensions of credit for
sales, (vi) except as otherwise set forth herein, the shipping of sold,
leased or exchanged Parts, unless such costs have been previously approved by
the Sellers (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
(vii) the provision of the Reports, (viii) records review and records
tracing, (ix) the payment to Sellers of amounts owed to them under this
Agreement on a monthly basis, (x) the provision of marketing guidance, and
(xi) other responsibilities as contained in this Agreement, including,
without limitation, KIAC\'s obligation, if any, to pay certain taxes.  
"Objection" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
6.6(c)(i) hereof.    11    "Owned FFandE;" shall mean all furniture,
fixtures and equipment owned by Sellers as of the date hereof including (but
not limited to) the furniture, fixtures and equipment located at the Miramar
Facility as set forth on Schedule 6 hereto, but excluding any of the Leased
FFandE; which under applicable Law may be deemed to be owned by a Seller.  
"Part" shall mean any Engine or any aircraft part or component.   "PB18"
shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Performance
Benchmark.   "PB24" shall have the meaning set forth in the definition
of Performance Benchmark.   "PB36" shall have the meaning set forth in the
definition of Performance Benchmark.   "PB48" shall have the meaning set
forth in the definition of Performance Benchmark.   "PB60" shall have the
meaning set forth in the definition of Performance Benchmark.  
"Performance Benchmark" shall have the following meaning:   With respect to
the period commencing on the date hereof and  ending on the earlier of (i)
the last day of the 12th month following  the month in which the Closing
shall have occurred (the "Closing  Month") and (ii) the last day of the 16th
month following the month in  which this Agreement shall have been executed
and delivered by each of  the parties hereto (the "Agreement Month"), the
Performance Benchmark  shall mean aggregate Gross Sales Price of at least
$30,000,000 (the  "Initial Performance Benchmark").   With respect to the
period commencing on the date hereof and  ending on the earlier of (i) the
last day of the 18th month following  the Closing Month and (ii) the last day
of the 22nd month following the  Agreement Month, the Performance Benchmark
shall mean aggregate Gross  Sales Price of at least $38,000,000 ("PB18").  
With respect to the period commencing on the date hereof and  ending on the
earlier of (i) the last day of the 24th month following  the Closing Month
and (ii) the last day of the 28th month following the  Agreement Month, the
Performance Benchmark shall mean an aggregate  Gross Sales Price of at least
$50,000,000 ("PB24").   With respect to the period commencing on the date
hereof and  ending on the earlier of (i) the last day of the 36th month
following  the Closing Month and (ii) the last day of the 40th month
following the  Agreement Month, the    12    Performance Benchmark
shall mean aggregate Gross Sales Price of at  least $63,000,000 (the
"PB36").   With respect to the period commencing on the date hereof and 
ending on the earlier of (i) the last day of the 48th month following  the
Closing Month and (ii) the last day of the 52nd month following the 
Agreement Month, the Performance Benchmark shall mean aggregate Gross  Sales
Price of at least $74,000,000 (the "PB48").   With respect to the period
commencing on the date hereof and  ending on the earlier of (i) the last day
of the 60th month following  the Closing Month and (ii) the last day of the
64th month following the  Agreement Month, the Performance Benchmark shall
mean aggregate Gross  Sales Price of at least $84,000,000 (the "PB60").  
In the event that a Performance Benchmark shall not be  achieved, KIAC shall
have the right to purchase Parts selected by KIAC  in its sole discretion
having a Fair Market Value, in the aggregate,  sufficient so that 100% of the
Fair Market Value thereof will result in  such Performance Benchmark being
achieved. The purchase price (the  "Makeup Price") for such Parts shall be
equal to 70% of the Fair Market  Value of the Parts selected. KIAC shall
remit to Sellers on or prior to  the 30th day following the last day of the
relevant Performance  Benchmark period an amount equal to the Makeup Price,
provided,  however, that 100% of the Fair Market Value of such Parts shall
be  deemed Gross Sales Price for purposes of determining whether the 
relevant Performance Benchmark has been achieved. If KIAC elects to  exercise
its right to purchase Parts sufficient to achieve a  Performance Benchmark,
it shall submit to Sellers a list of the Parts  it intends to purchase, and
purchase the same within 30 days following  the relevant Performance
Benchmark period. Such payments shall only be  included in the computation of
the Performance Benchmark being  satisfied by such purchases notwithstanding
the fact that such payments  are made during a subsequent measuring
period.   "Permits" shall mean all permits, licenses, approvals,
franchises, notices and authorizations issued by any Governmental Authority
that relate to or otherwise are used or are necessary in connection with the
ownership, operation or other use of any of the Purchased Assets.  
"Permitted Liens" shall mean (i) the Lien on the Purchased
Accounts Receivable referred to in Section 9.3(b) hereof, (ii) any inchoate
mechanics Liens existing on the Closing Date in connection with Existing
Repair Orders in respect of the Purchased Assets and (iii) with respect to
the Consigned Inventory, (A) all Liens in favor of Agent (provided, however,
that Liens in favor of Agent shall only be Permitted Liens if and to the
extent that, on or prior to the Closing Date, the Agent and KIAC shall have
entered into a mutually satisfactory agreement pursuant to which the Agent
shall agree not to enforce any of such Liens prior to the Consignment
Termination Date so long as no Event of Default under Article VI of this
Agreement shall have occurred or exist and no    13   provision of
Article VI of this Agreement is waived by Sellers or amended in any respect
without Agent\'s prior written consent, (B) all Liens suffered or incurred by
KIAC in connection with the repair or maintenance of any Consigned Inventory
and (C) all Property Tax, ad valorem tax and similar tax liens (in each case,
with respect to taxes not yet due and payable).   "Person" shall mean any
individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, corporation, trust, unincorporated organization,
Governmental Authority or other entity.   "Petition Date" shall mean the
date on which the Chapter 11 Cases are commenced.   "Property Insurance"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.7(a)(i) hereof.   "Property
Taxes" shall mean all property, excise, inventory and/or use taxes assessed
with respect to any Part or Parts.   "Purchase Price" shall mean the sum of
(a) the aggregate amount of all amounts payable by KIAC in respect of the
Assumed Liabilities plus (b) the Cash Portion of the Purchase Price.  
"Purchased Accounts Receivable" shall mean all of the accounts receivable
(including, without limitation, all claims and rights of any nature with
respect thereto) of each Seller in existence or arising on the date
hereof (excluding the Purchased AVS Receivables) as listed or described in
Schedule 3 hereto, all of which shall be included among the Purchased Assets
to be acquired by KIAC hereunder plus all accounts receivable arising from
bona fide sales made by any Seller, in the regular, usual and ordinary course
of its business and consistent with past practice, during the period
commencing on the date immediately following the date hereof and ending on
(and including) the Closing Date minus all accounts receivable paid or
written off during the period commencing on (and including) the date
immediately following the date hereof and ending on the Closing Date.  
"Purchased A/R Lockbox" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3(b)
hereof.   "Purchased A/R Lockbox and Account" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 9.3(c) hereof.   "Purchased Assets" shall mean (i)(a) all
of the Parts listed or described in Schedule 2 hereto, plus (b) all Parts
purchased by any Seller pursuant to this Agreement at any time prior to the
Closing (other than any Part or Parts held by a Seller as a consignee
thereof, even if such Seller acquires title thereto from the consignor
incident to a sale of such Part by such Seller to an unAffiliated third
party), minus (c) all Parts listed or described in Schedule 2 hereto or
referred to in clause (i)(b) of this definition, which (in either case) are
sold or otherwise disposed of by any Seller pursuant to this Agreement at any
time prior to the Closing, (ii) subject to Section 10.2(d), all of the   
14   Purchased Accounts Receivable, (iii) all of the employee notes
receivable listed or described in Schedule 4 hereto, (iv) all of the
Intellectual Property listed or described in Schedule 5 hereto, (v) all of
the FFandE; and (vi) all of the Foreign Assets.   "Purchased AVS Receivables"
shall mean all of the accounts receivable (including claims and rights of any
nature with respect thereto) sold by AVS to Kellstrom, pursuant to that
certain asset purchase agreement, dated on or about September 20, 2001, which
receivables remain outstanding on Kellstrom\'s books on the date hereof and
are listed or described in Schedule 23 hereto.   "Purchased Verified Parts"
shall mean those Parts listed on Schedule 25 hereto and verified to exist
pursuant to the physical inventory performed by Sellers pursuant to Section
5.4 hereof.   "Records" shall mean documentation and other records relating
to the maintenance, repair, traceability and/or life limited status of Parts,
and any other documentation required to be maintained with respect to Parts
by the Federal Aviation Act and standard industry practices.  
"Reimbursable Expenses" shall mean with respect to any Part, all (i) Labor
Costs, (ii) Material Costs, (iii) any insurance, freight, shipping
and handling charges and packaging costs which are not charged to a
purchaser, lessee or exchange recipient (including, without limitation, any
such charges incurred in connection with the shipment of a Part to or return
of a Part from an Approved Vendor), which in the case of internal costs of
KIAC must be either (A) associated with preparation for shipment and upon
terms no less favorable than could have been obtained from a third party, or
(B) in any other case, approved by Sellers in writing, (iv) amounts assumed
or paid by KIAC on account of Existing Repair Orders, (v) reasonable and
competitive in-house engine and airframe disassembly costs incurred by KIAC
with respect to such Part and not charged to KIAC, lessee or exchange
recipient of such Part, and (vi) all costs associated with listing the
Consigned Inventory with the Inventory Locator Service.   "Representation
Date" shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Material
Reduction in Value.   "Retained Assets" shall mean all of the assets of any
nature whatsoever of any Seller other than the Purchased Assets and the
rights of any Seller under any of the Assumed Contracts; provided, however,
that the Retained Assets shall not include any asset which has been consigned
to any Seller by an unAffiliated third party owner of such asset or any
capitalized costs related thereto.   "Retained Liabilities" shall mean all
of the liabilities, obligations or indebtedness of any nature whatsoever of
each of the Sellers (whether primary, secondary, direct, indirect or
contingent) other than the Assumed Liabilities.   "Retention Agreements"
shall mean key employee retention agreements, each in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B.    15    "Returned Checks" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 9.3(b).   "Sale and Consignment Order" shall mean an
order of the Bankruptcy Court which shall be in the exact form and upon the
specific terms attached as Exhibit E to this Agreement or with such changes
therein as KIAC may, in its sole discretion, agree to in writing.   "Sale
Procedures Order" shall mean an order of the Bankruptcy Court (including all
exhibits thereto), each of which order and exhibits shall be in the exact
form and upon the specific terms attached as Exhibit F to this Agreement or
with such changes therein as KIAC may, in its sole discretion, agree to in
writing.   "Sales Taxes" shall mean any and all sales, use, stamp, value-
added, transfer or other similar taxes and any transfer or other similar
charges incurred or assessed in respect of a sale, lease or exchange of any
item of Consigned Inventory.   "Scheduled Closing Date" shall mean June 30,
2002.   "Seller" shall have the meaning set forth in the first WHEREAS
clause of this Agreement.   "Senior Lenders" shall mean the holders, from
time to time, of indebtedness outstanding under the Senior Loan
Agreement.   "Senior Loan Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in
the definition of "Agent".   "Subsidiary" shall mean, with respect to any
Person, any other Person in which the first Person owns, directly or
indirectly and beneficially or of record, the power to vote 50% or more of
the outstanding voting stock or other equity interests, or (ii) otherwise
controls the management or operation.   "Subsidiary Sellers" shall have the
meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.   "Tax" and "Taxes"
shall mean all federal, state, local, or foreign income, payroll, employee
withholding, unemployment insurance, social security, sales, use, service,
service use, leasing, leasing use, excise, franchise, gross receipts, value
added, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, occupation, real and
personal property, stamp, transfer, workers\' compensation,
severance, windfall profits, environmental (including taxes under Section 59A
of the Code), or other tax of the same or of a similar nature, including any
interest, penalty, or addition thereto, whether disputed or not.   "Tax
Return" shall mean any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or
information return or statement relating to Taxes or any amendment thereto,
and including any schedule or attachment thereto.    16    ARTICLE
II   PURCHASE OF ASSETS   2.1 Purchase and Sale of Purchased Assets. On
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, at the Closing:  
(a) Sellers shall sell, transfer, convey, assign and  deliver to KIAC, and
KIAC shall purchase and accept from Sellers, all  of the right, title, and
interest of every kind and nature whatsoever  of each of the Sellers in, to
or in respect of the Purchased Assets  (other than the Foreign Assets) of
every kind and nature whatsoever and  wherever located, free and clear of any
and all Liens other than  Permitted Liens; and   (b) Sellers shall cause
the Foreign Subsidiaries to sell,  transfer, convey, assign and deliver to
KIAC, and KIAC shall purchase  and accept from the Foreign Subsidiaries, all
of the right, title and  interest of every kind and nature of each of the
Foreign Subsidiaries  in, to or in respect of the Foreign Assets of every
kind and nature  whatsoever and wherever located, free and clear of any and
all Liens  other than Permitted Liens.  Except for the specific
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, Sellers make no
representations or warranties regarding the Purchased Assets and disclaim all
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.   2.2
Excluded Assets. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.3 hereof, none of
the Retained Assets shall be included in the Purchased Assets.   2.3
Miramar. At or prior to the Closing, Kellstrom shall (a) cause the Miramar
Lease to be amended in accordance with Section 5.5(f) of this Agreement, (b)
cause such amendment to be approved by the Bankruptcy Court to the extent
that such approval is required under applicable Law, and (c) thereafter
assume the Miramar Lease as so amended. At the Closing, Kellstrom shall
assign the Miramar Lease, as so amended, to KIAC in accordance with all
of the procedures and requirements applicable to its Chapter 11 Case. The
Miramar Lease, as so amended, shall be an "Assumed Contract" for all purposes
of this Agreement.   ARTICLE III   ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES   3.1
Assumed Liabilities. On or before the Closing Date, Sellers shall cure all
defaults in respect of the Assumed Liabilities to the extent required
pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code to effectuate the assignment of the Assumed
Contracts to KIAC as contemplated by this Agreement. At and as of
the Closing, KIAC shall assume and thereafter in due course pay and fully
satisfy all of the Assumed Liabilities.    17    3.2 Retained
Liabilities. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary, KIAC shall not assume or agree to pay, satisfy, discharge or
perform, or take or agree to take any of the Purchased Assets, the Miramar
Leasehold, or the Consigned Inventory subject to (and shall not be deemed by
virtue of the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any
document delivered to KIAC at the Closing pursuant hereto, or as a result of
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, to have assumed, or
to have agreed to assume, pay, satisfy, discharge or perform, or take, or to
have agreed to take, any of the Purchased Assets, the Miramar Leasehold or
the Consigned Inventory subject to) any of the Retained Liabilities,
including (but not limited to):   (a) any Retained Liabilities that relate
to any of the Purchased Assets, the Miramar Leasehold or (except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement) any of the Consigned Inventory;   (b)
any obligations or liabilities of any Seller or any predecessor(s) or
Affiliate(s) of any Seller relating to Taxes with respect to the Purchased
Assets, the Miramar Facility, the Miramar Leasehold or (except as otherwise
expressly provided herein) the Consigned Inventory for any period, or portion
thereof, on or prior to the Closing Date; and   (c) any obligations or
liabilities for any legal, accounting, investment banking, brokerage or
similar fees or expenses incurred by any Seller in connection with, resulting
from, or attributable to, the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   ARTICLE IV   PURCHASE PRICE   4.1 Purchase Price. In
consideration of the conveyance to KIAC of the Purchased Assets and the
rights granted to KIAC pursuant hereto and subject to the conditions and in
accordance with terms hereof, at the Closing KIAC shall (i) assume the
Assumed Liabilities and (ii) pay Sellers an aggregate of $50,000,000 in cash
(the "Cash Portion of the Purchase Price"), of which $5,000,000 shall be paid
by the Escrow Agent\'s delivering the Deposit to Sellers pursuant to the
Escrow Agreement. The amount of the Cash Portion of the Purchase Price shall
be subject to adjustment only in accordance with Sections 4.3, 4.4, 5.3(b)(i)
and 12.1 of this Agreement.   4.2 Allocation of Purchase Price. At or prior
to the Closing, KIAC and Sellers shall enter into an agreement allocating the
Purchase Price among the Purchased Assets in accordance with Treasury
Regulation 1.1060-1T. Such agreement shall not allocate the Purchase Price in
any manner that would subject any Seller to a federal tax liability to which
it would not otherwise be subject. KIAC and Sellers shall report and file all
Tax Returns (including amended Tax Returns and claims for refund) consistent
with such allocation, and shall take no position contrary thereto or
inconsistent therewith (including, without limitation, in any audits or
examinations by any taxing authority or in any other proceedings). KIAC and
Sellers shall cooperate in the filing of any forms    18   (including
Form 8594) with respect to such allocation, including any amendments to such
forms required with respect to any adjustment to the Purchase Price pursuant
to this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement,
the foregoing agreement shall survive the Closing Date without limitation. In
the event that KIAC and Sellers do not enter into the agreement contemplated
by this Section 4.2 hereof at or prior to the Closing, the Closing shall
nevertheless take place, and each party hereto shall thereafter take
such position with respect to allocating the Purchase Price as it deems
reasonable; provided that no such allocation shall be binding upon or affect
Agent or any of the Senior Lenders.   4.3 Adjustments to Purchase
Price.   (a) KIAC and Sellers acknowledge and agree that, during the period
from the date of this Agreement through and including the Closing Date,
Sellers or Foreign Subsidiaries may sell or otherwise dispose of one or more
of the items of inventory included in the Purchased Assets in the
usual, regular and ordinary course of their respective businesses as
presently conducted and consistent with past practice. If, and to the extent
that, any Seller or Foreign Subsidiary does so, KIAC shall be entitled to 75%
of the Gross Sales Price of each item so sold or otherwise disposed of
("KIAC\'s Percentage"). KIAC\'s Percentage shall be payable by reducing the
Cash Portion of the Purchase Price by an amount equal to the aggregate amount
of KIAC\'s Percentage; provided, however, that instead of so paying all or
any portion of KIAC\'s Percentage to KIAC, Sellers or Foreign Subsidiaries
may, at their option, utilize all or such portion of KIAC\'s Percentage to
purchase one or more items of inventory selected by Sellers\' management and
consistent in all respects (including, without limitation, as to type,
quality, mix and price) with the inventory included in the Purchased Assets
listed or described in Schedule 2 hereto, which item or items so purchased
shall automatically and immediately thereafter be included in the Purchased
Assets; provided, further, that, without the prior written consent of KIAC
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), no Seller or
Foreign Subsidiary shall purchase (i) any individual item of inventory if
the purchase price of such item is greater than $50,000 or (ii) any
individual lot of inventory if the aggregate purchase price of such lot is
greater than $250,000. In the event that any portion of KIAC\'s Percentage is
not utilized in accordance with the first proviso to the preceding sentence
hereof, the Cash Portion of the Purchase Price shall be reduced by the dollar
amount allocable to that portion of KIAC\'s Percentage which is not so
utilized. If any Seller or Foreign Subsidiary exercises the option granted to
it in such first proviso, on the third Business Day of each calendar week,
Sellers shall jointly prepare and deliver to KIAC a report in form and
substance acceptable to KIAC that sets forth by Part number an itemized list
of all inventory purchased by Sellers or Foreign Subsidiaries with KIAC\'s
Percentage during the preceding calendar week.   (b) In the event that, at
any time during the period from the date of this Agreement through and
including the Closing Date, any Seller shall sell or otherwise dispose of any
of the inventory included in the Retained Assets, KIAC shall be entitled to
25% of the Gross Sales Price of each such sale or other disposition, as
applicable, which amount shall (i) be payable by reducing the Cash Portion of
the Purchase Price by an    19   amount equal to the aggregate amount to
which KIAC shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) hereof;
provided, however, that all or any portion of such amount may, at the option
of Sellers, be utilized by Sellers to purchase one or more items of inventory
selected by Sellers\' management and consistent in all respects (including,
without limitation, as to type, quality, mix and price) with the inventory
included in the Purchased Assets listed or described in Schedule 2 hereto,
which item or items so purchased shall automatically and immediately
thereafter be included in the Purchased Assets; provided, further, that,
without the prior written consent of KIAC (which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed), no Seller shall purchase (i) any
individual item of inventory if the purchase price of such item is greater
than $50,000 or (ii) any individual lot of inventory if the purchase price of
such lot is greater than $250,000. In the event that any portion of the
amount payable to KIAC pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) is not utilized in
accordance with the first proviso to this Section 4.3(b), the Cash Portion of
the Purchase Price shall be reduced by the dollar amount allocable to that
portion of such amount which is not so utilized.   (c) In the event that,
as a result of the operation of Section 12.1 hereof or in the event that any
tangible Purchased Asset is damaged as described in Section 12.1 hereof but
such damage has not been fully repaired, (i) the Cash Portion of the Purchase
Price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Book Value of such Purchased
Asset, if such Purchased Asset is destroyed, or by an amount equal to the
dollar amount necessary to repair any damaged Purchased Asset so that it is
restored to the condition in which it existed immediately prior to the
occurrence of such damage or (ii) at the option of Sellers, Sellers may
substitute, for any Purchased Asset that is damaged or destroyed between the
date hereof and the date on which risk of loss passes pursuant to Section
12.1 hereof, one or more other "like-kind" assets then owned by Sellers and
acceptable to KIAC having a Book Value equal to the Book Value of the
destroyed or damaged Purchased Asset; provided, however, that Sellers
shall not be entitled to substitute any assets pursuant to this Section
4.3(c)(ii) if the Book Value of the Purchased Assets that have been damaged
or destroyed is equal to or greater than $10,000,000.   (d) If, at the time
of the Closing, the Book Value of the inventory included in the Purchased
Assets shall be in excess of $90,000,000, the Cash Portion of the Purchase
Price shall be increased by an amount equal to such excess. For purposes of
this Section 4.3(d) hereof, the Book Value of the inventory to be included in
the Purchased Assets shall be determined on the same basis and in accordance
with the same generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied
as were utilized in determining the Book Value of the inventory listed or
described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement   (e) If either the Sellers or
KIAC shall claim any adjustment (whether an increase or decrease) to the Cash
Portion of the Purchase Price pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (d) of
this Section 4.3 (an "Adjustment Claim"), then the following procedures shall
apply:   (i) if, prior to Closing, either Sellers or KIAC  shall obtain
information upon which it concludes that an Adjustment  Claim may be
made,    20    then such party (the "Adjustment Claimant") shall
promptly (and, in any  event, not less than five Business Days prior to the
Closing) notify  the other party written notice of such Adjustment Claim,
providing in  such notice a reasonable and good faith estimate of the amount
of the  Adjustment Claim and the basis for the calculation of such
Adjustment  Claim;   (ii) if the aggregate amount of the Adjustment  Claim
that an Adjustment Claimant estimates that it will be entitled to  receive at
Closing is in excess of $3 million, then one of the  following courses of
action shall be pursued: (x) the parties may  proceed to close the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement by  giving effect to the amount
of the Adjustment Claim asserted by the  Adjustment Claimant (or by giving
effect to a mutually agreed upon  Adjustment Claim in a lower amount), in
which case such adjustment to  the Cash Portion of the Purchase Price shall
be made at the Closing;  (y) the parties may proceed to close the
transactions subject to the  Adjustment Claimant\'s withdrawing its
Adjustment Claim or reducing its  Adjustment Claim to an amount equal to or
less than $3 million (with  the amount of such Adjustment Claim as so reduced
to be resolved  pursuant to Section 4.3(e)(iv)); or (z) either party may, at
its  option, terminate this Agreement but without forfeiture by KIAC of the 
Deposit and without any obligation on the part of Sellers to pay any  KIAC
Expenses or the Agreement Termination Amount. If the parties elect  to close
the transactions pursuant to clause (y) hereof, other than as  the result of
the Adjustment Claimant\'s withdrawal of its Adjustment  Claim, then the
provisions of Section 4.3(e)(iv) below shall apply to  resolve the unresolved
amount of the Adjustment Claim (which shall in  no event exceed the lesser of
any amount to which the Adjustment  Claimant elected to reduce its Adjustment
Claim or $3 million);   (iii) if the aggregate amount of the Adjustment 
Claim that an Adjustment Claimant estimates that it will be entitled to 
receive at Closing is equal to or less than $3 million, then the  parties
shall proceed to close the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement and,
after the Closing, the amount of the Adjustment Claim  shall be resolved in
accordance with the provisions of Section  4.3(e)(iv);   (iv) if the
parties have closed the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement without
having resolved at the Closing  the amount of any Adjustment Claim identified
by the Adjustment  Claimant prior to Closing, or if, after the Closing, any
Adjustment  Claim is identified by a party that was not asserted by it prior
to  Closing (provided that any post-Closing assertion of an Adjustment 
Claim must be asserted by a party prior to the 30th day following the 
Closing or such Adjustment Claim shall be deemed to have been waived),  then
the amount of the Adjustment Claim shall be resolved by mutual  agreement of
the parties or by the determination of Independent  Accountants selected by
and mutually agreed upon by the parties;  provided, however, that in no event
shall the amount of the Adjustment  Claim (whether identified by the
Adjustment Claimant prior to or after  the Closing) exceed the lesser of the
amount, if any, to which the    21    Adjustment Claimant reduced its
Adjustment Claim prior to Closing or $3  million;   (v) if any Adjustment
Claim results in a  reduction in the Cash Portion of the Purchase Price, such
Adjustment  shall be given effect post-Closing by KIAC\'s offsetting the
amount  thereof against any amounts thereafter payable by KIAC to Sellers.
If  the Adjustment Claim results in an increase in the Cash Portion of the 
Purchase Price, then such Adjustment shall be given effect post-Closing  by
KIAC\'s payment of such increase to Sellers within five Business Days  after
the date on which the amount of such Adjustment Claim has been  mutually
agreed upon by the parties or determined by the aforesaid  Independent
Accountants;   (vi) Sellers shall not be authorized to terminate  this
Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.3(e)(ii) without  the
consent of Agent. Provided that the Agent and all of the Senior  Lenders
shall have complied, at all times and in all material respects,  with all of
the obligations of the Agent and the Lenders (as defined in  the Lenders\'
Agreement) under Section 2 of the Lenders\' Agreement (the  "Lenders\'
Obligations"), Sellers shall not be authorized to agree or  consent to the
amount of any Adjustment Claim asserted by KIAC or  assert any Adjustment
Claim in excess of $3 million without the consent  of Agent, and any such
termination, consent, agreement or assertion by  Sellers without Agent\'s
consent shall be void and of no force and  effect.   4.4 Prorations. (a)
Sellers shall be liable for all (i) insurance premiums that relate to any
time prior to the Closing Date, (ii) Property Tax, ad valorem tax and similar
Taxes and fees with respect to the Purchased Assets that relate to any time
prior to the Closing Date, (iii) all employee payroll costs (other than
accrued vacation, sick or personal day expenses) that relate to any time
prior to the Closing Date and (iv) all payment and performance obligations
under agreements that are Assumed Contracts that relate to any time prior to
the Closing Date and KIAC shall be liable for (x) all such
insurance premiums, Property Tax, ad valorem tax and similar taxes and fees,
employee payroll costs and payment and performance obligations that relate to
any time on or subsequent to the Closing Date (regardless, in all of the
cases referred to in this sentence of the reporting or payment dates of the
premiums, taxes, costs and obligations referred to therein) and (y) all
accrued vacation, sick or personal day expenses. All such insurance premiums,
Property Taxes, ad valorem taxes and similar Taxes and fees, payroll costs
(other than accrued vacation, sick or personal day expenses) and payments
under agreements that are Assumed Contracts, shall be prorated between KIAC
and Sellers as of 12:01 a.m. local time on the Closing Date. It is expressly
acknowledged and agreed that KIAC shall have no obligation or liability with
respect to any premiums for officers and directors insurance or for insurance
on any assets other than Purchased Assets (regardless of the period to which
they relate) and that no such premiums shall be so prorated. At the Closing,
(i) Sellers shall deposit into escrow pursuant to an escrow agreement
satisfactory in form and substance to each of the parties to this Agreement,
an amount equal to the aggregate amount of Sellers\' prorated share of all
such insurance premiums, Property Taxes, ad valorem taxes, similar Taxes and
fees, payroll costs and    22   lease payments or similar payments for
which Seller shall not have made payment prior to the Closing and (ii) KIAC
shall pay to Sellers, by increasing the Cash Portion of the Purchase Price,
an amount equal to the aggregate amount of KIAC\'s prorated share of all such
insurance premiums, Property Taxes, and valorem taxes, similar Taxes and
fees, payroll costs and payments under Assumed Contracts or similar payments
for which Seller shall have made prepayment prior to the Closing; provided,
however, that, in the event that KIAC shall have made any payment to Sellers
in accordance with this clause (ii) in respect of any prepayment of which
KIAC shall not receive the full benefit (for example, because KIAC is unable
to maintain in effect any insurance in respect of which a premium was prepaid
by any Seller), Sellers shall repay the amount so paid by KIAC promptly upon
their receipt of notice from KIAC that such repayment is due hereunder. KIAC
shall have (i) the right of reasonable review and approval of Sellers\'
Property Tax assessments and returns (ii) reasonable access to all books and
records that substantiate such returns and (iii) the right to contest any
assessment for which KIAC bears any economic responsibility. Sellers
shall cooperate with KIAC to advance any such review, approval and
contest.   (b) All refunds, reimbursements or credits receivable with
respect to the Purchased Assets and Assumed Contracts which relate to
a period that begins on a day before the Closing Date and ends on a day after
the Closing Date shall be prorated such that Sellers shall be entitled to
that portion of any such refund, reimbursement and credit, as the case may
be, applicable to the period preceding the Closing Date, and KIAC shall be
entitled to that portion of any such refund, reimbursement and credit, as the
case may be, applicable to any period from and after the Closing Date. If
either party hereto shall receive any such refund reimbursement or credit
after the Closing Date, it shall promptly remit to the other party its pro
rata share of such refund, reimbursement and credit, as the case may be.  
(c) In connection with any payment or other obligation of KIAC under this
Section 4.4, KIAC shall have (i) the right of reasonable review and approval
of Sellers\' property tax assessments and returns, (ii) reasonable access to
all books and records that substantiate such returns and (iii) the right to
contest any assessment for which KIAC bears any economic responsibility.
Sellers shall reasonably cooperate with KIAC to advance any such review,
approval and contest.   4.5 No Other Reduction. Except as expressly provided
in Sections 4.1, 4.3, 4.4, 5.3(b)(i) and 12.1 of this Agreement, the Cash
Portion of the Purchase Price shall not be subject to any adjustment, offset,
recoupment, counterclaim or other increase or reduction whatsoever.   
23    ARTICLE V   EFFECTIVENESS AND CLOSING   5.1 Effectiveness.  
(a) This Agreement shall become effective, and shall be binding upon and
enforceable against, KIAC and each Seller upon its execution and delivery by
each of such parties. Following the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases,
this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect (subject to
all applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code). Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, KIAC may terminate this
Agreement at any time prior to the Closing in the event that (i) the
aggregate cost to the Sellers of the insurance coverage required under
Section 6.7(a) hereof shall have increased by 50% or more or (ii) a Material
Reduction in Value shall have occurred; provided, however, that, in the event
that any Seller or Agent shall have notified KIAC in writing of the
inaccuracy of any representation or warranty herein or in any Collateral
Agreement or the breach by any Seller of any covenant herein or in any
Collateral Agreement, then (whether or not a Material Reduction in Value
shall have occurred) the right of KIAC to terminate this Agreement in
accordance with clause (ii) of this sentence as a consequence of such
inaccuracy or breach shall only be exercisable for a period of 30
days following the date of KIAC\'s receipt of such written notification.  
(b) Unless this Agreement shall have theretofore been terminated in
accordance with any provision hereof, on or before the first Business Days
after the date on which the Agent shall have delivered to KIAC a copy of the
Lenders\' Agreement duly executed by the Agent and each Senior Lender, KIAC
and Sellers shall enter into an Escrow Agreement, in the form of Exhibit C
hereto, and, pursuant thereto, KIAC shall deposit in escrow the sums of
$500,000 (concurrently with its receipt of such document) and $4,500,000,
(on or before the ninth Business Day thereafter), which sums shall thereafter
be held and disposed of in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement
and Section 4.1 hereof.   5.2 Closing. The consummation of the sale and
purchase of the Purchased Assets contemplated hereby (the "Closing") shall
take place at the offices of Weil, Gotshal and Manges LLP, 701 Brickell Avenue,
Suite 2100, Miami, Florida 33131, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
the conditions set forth in Sections 5.5 and 5.6 hereof, as promptly as
practicable following the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth in
Sections 5.5(j) and 5.6(d) hereof (and in any event not later than the
Scheduled Closing Date), or at such other time and place and on such other
date as Sellers and KIAC shall agree.   5.3 Deliveries at Closing. At the
Closing:   (a) Sellers shall execute and deliver to KIAC (or, with respect
to the Foreign Assets, shall cause the appropriate Foreign Subsidiaries to
execute and deliver to KIAC) the items described in clauses (i) through
(vii) below:    24    (i) general bills of sale and assignment, in
the  form of Exhibit D-1 hereto (each, a "Bill of Sale"), with respect to 
the Purchased Assets and any other documents reasonably requested by  KIAC so
as to convey to KIAC good and marketable title, free and clear  of all Liens
that are not Permitted Liens, in and to the Purchased  Assets (other than any
Engines), each executed by the appropriate  Seller or Sellers;   (ii) for
each Engine, a bill of sale in the form  of Exhibit D-2 hereto;   (iii) the
officers\' certificates referred to in  Section 5.5(a) hereof;   (iv) all
other documents, certificates,  instruments or writings (other than opinions
of counsel) reasonably  requested by KIAC in connection herewith;   (v) a
certificate of insurance naming KIAC an  additional insured and loss payee
under all insurance policies  maintained by each Seller in respect of the
Retained Assets insofar as  such policies relate to each Seller\'s "lease
portfolio";   (vi) the Purchased Verified Parts physical  inventory report
referred to in Section 5.4 hereof; and   (vii) the written instrument
referred to in  Section 6.7(e) hereof that lists the Consigned Verified Parts
included  in the Consigned Inventory.   (b) KIAC shall deliver to Sellers
the items described in clauses (i) through (iv) below:   (i) (A) the Cash
Portion of the Purchase Price,  less (B) the amount of the Deposit delivered
to Sellers in accordance  with Section 4.1 hereof, plus (C) the aggregate
amount of all  adjustments to the Cash Portion of the Purchase Price to be
made in  favor of the Sellers at the Closing in accordance with Section 4.3 
hereof, less (D) the aggregate amount of all adjustments to the Cash  Portion
of the Purchase Price to be made in favor of KIAC at the  Closing in
accordance with Section 4.3 hereof, plus or less (E) the net  aggregate
amount of all amounts payable at the Closing with respect to  prorations (as
provided in Section 4.4 hereof), which sum shall, at the  time of the
Closing, be deposited by KIAC into such account or accounts  as Sellers shall
designate to KIAC in writing no later than two  Business Days prior to the
Closing;   (ii) an Assumption Agreement, in the form of  Exhibit E hereto
(the "Assumption Agreement"), pursuant to which KIAC  shall assume the
Assumed Liabilities to be assumed at the Closing,  executed by KIAC;  
(iii) the officer\'s certificate referred to in  Section 5.6(c) hereof;
and    25    (iv) all other documents, certificates,  instruments or
writings (other than opinions of counsel) reasonably  requested by Sellers in
connection herewith.   (c) Sellers and KIAC shall enter into a
mutually agreeable transition services agreement, pursuant to which KIAC
shall agree to make available to Sellers (at Sellers\' sole cost and expense
and to the extent consistent with such employees\' obligations to KIAC under
the terms of their employment agreements and otherwise) one or more employees
of KIAC who were formerly employed by Kellstrom to assist Sellers in their
efforts to liquidate or otherwise realize value from the Retained Assets
(including any tax refund claims). Such transition services agreement shall
expressly provide that neither KIAC nor any such employee shall have any
liability of any nature whatsoever with respect to any act or omission by
KIAC or any such employee relating in any manner to such transition services
agreement or the provision of any service thereunder. In the event that
Sellers and KIAC are unable to reach agreement on a transition services
agreement prior to the Closing, the Closing shall nevertheless take
place.   5.4 Delivery of Purchased Assets and Consigned Inventory. At
the time of the Closing, Sellers shall (and, with respect to the Foreign
Assets, shall cause the appropriate Foreign Subsidiaries to) deliver the
Purchased Assets and Consigned Inventory to KIAC by providing KIAC with (i)
Bills of Sale with respect to the Purchased Assets, (ii) any other documents
and instruments of transfer reasonably requested by KIAC so as to convey to
KIAC good and marketable title, free and clear of all Liens that are not
Permitted Liens, in and to the Purchased Assets, (iii) the Sale and
Consignment Order, which order shall (A) entitle KIAC to have access to and
possession and control of the Purchased Assets (other than the Foreign
Assets) and the Consigned Inventory and (B) order and direct the Sellers to
cause the Foreign Subsidiaries to provide KIAC with access to and possession
and control of the Foreign Assets and (iv) any and all keys and security
codes necessary to gain access to the Designated Locations (excluding
Approved Vendor locations) and any and all other premises where the Purchased
Assets and Consigned Inventory are located, warehoused or stored, with the
risk of loss remaining with the Sellers until KIAC takes delivery in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.4. Each Seller shall conduct
a physical inventory of all Purchased Verified Parts owned by it as of the
Closing Date, and Sellers shall cooperate to jointly prepare a single report,
by Purchased Verified Part number, that reflects the results of
each Seller\'s physical inventory of the Purchased Verified Parts.   5.5
Conditions Precedent to Obligations of KIAC. The obligations of KIAC under
this Agreement to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the Closing, of all of
the following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived in writing
at the option of KIAC:   (a) No Material Reduction in Value in respect of
which KIAC shall then have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 5.1(a) hereof shall have occurred, and KIAC shall have received a
certificate or certificates, dated as of the Closing Date, executed on behalf
of each Seller, each by an authorized executive officer    26   of such
Seller, certifying in such detail as KIAC may reasonably request that no such
Material Reduction in Value shall have occurred.   (b) The waiting period
under the HSR Act or any other applicable competition, merger, control,
antitrust Law or similar Law shall have expired or terminated, and all
Governmental Authorities whose consent is required for consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby shall have issued all approvals required for
the transactions contemplated hereby, and no condition or requirement
unacceptable to KIAC in its sole discretion shall be imposed on or required
of KIAC or any of its Affiliates as a result of or as a condition to any of
the foregoing.   (c) All Consents listed or described in Schedule 9
hereto shall have been obtained (without any limitation, restriction or
condition not otherwise applicable to any Seller being imposed on KIAC or its
ownership or use of any Purchased Assets), except where the failure to obtain
such Consents have not had, or would not be reasonably likely to have, a
Material Adverse Effect.   (d) No action, suit or proceeding (including,
without limitation, any proceeding over which the Bankruptcy Court has
jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. ss. 157(b) and (c)) shall be pending or overtly
threatened by or before any Governmental Authority or pending or overtly
threatened by any other Person to enjoin, restrain, prohibit or obtain
substantial damages or significant equitable relief in respect of or related
to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or that would be
reasonably likely to prevent or make illegal the consummation of any
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or that, if adversely determined,
could be materially adverse to the operation, use or occupancy of the
Purchased Assets, Consigned Inventory or Miramar Facility and any such
actions, suits or proceedings that have theretofore been brought and
determined shall have become Final Orders.   (e) There shall not be in
effect any Law of any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction
restraining, enjoining or otherwise preventing the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (f) (i) The Sellers shall
have acquired from AVS, free and clear of any and all Liens (other than
Permitted Liens), all of the Leased FFandE;, so that Sellers can sell,
transfer, convey, assign and deliver all of such Leased FFandE; to KIAC in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (ii) (A) the owner of the real
property which is the subject of the Miramar Lease and all other Persons (if
any) who have any interest in such real property which may entitle or enable
such Persons to terminate the Miramar Lease or evict KIAC from, or otherwise
disturb KIAC\'s possession and quiet enjoyment of, such real property shall
have delivered to KIAC written documents satisfactory in form and substance
to KIAC acknowledging and agreeing to KIAC\'s right to undisturbed possession
and quiet enjoyment of such real property throughout the term of the Miramar
Lease so long as KIAC is not in default under the Miramar Lease (in
each case, as amended in accordance with clause (B) below) and (B) the
Miramar Lease shall have been amended (upon the terms and conditions outlined
in Schedule 29 to this Agreement and pursuant to a written document
satisfactory in form and substance to KIAC), and    27   shall have
been assumed by Kellstrom and assigned to KIAC in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement and the requirements of the Bankruptcy Code; and (iii) KIAC
and KAV shall have entered into a consignment agreement, upon the terms
and conditions outlined in Schedule 30 to this Agreement and satisfactory in
form and substance to KIAC, pursuant to which KAV shall have consigned
inventory to KIAC.   (g) Sellers and the Foreign Subsidiaries shall
have delivered the Purchased Assets and Consigned Inventory to KIAC, in
accordance with Section 5.4 of this Agreement.   (h) Sellers shall have
assumed and assigned to KIAC the Assumed Contracts, pursuant to the Sale and
Consignment Order and in accordance with the requirements of the Bankruptcy
Code.   (i) No loss or modification of, or limitation on, any Assumed
Contract shall have occurred since the date of this Agreement without the
prior written consent of KIAC in its sole discretion including,
without limitation, any forfeiture, expiration without renewal, termination
or other loss thereof, except for losses, modifications or limitations that,
individually or in the aggregate, have not had, or would not be reasonably
likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect.   (j) The Sale and Consignment
Order shall have become a Final Order.   (k) The employment by Kellstrom of
Yoav Stern and Zivi Nedivi, in the respective capacities in which such
Persons are so employed on the date hereof, shall not have been terminated
without the prior written consent of KIAC.   5.6 Conditions Precedent to
Obligations of Sellers. The obligations of Sellers under this Agreement to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby to be consummated at the
Closing shall be subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the Closing, of
all the following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived in
writing at the option of Sellers with the prior writing consent of the Agent
(provided that the Agent shall, at all times and in all material respects,
have complied with the Lenders\' Obligations):   (a) KIAC shall have
tendered to the Sellers payment of the amount described in Section 5.3(b)(i)
of this Agreement.   (b) The waiting period under the HSR Act or any
other applicable competition, merger, control, antitrust Law or similar Law
shall have expired or terminated, and all Governmental Authorities whose
consent is required for consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
shall have issued all approvals required for the transactions contemplated
hereby.   (c) There shall not be in effect any Law of any Governmental
Authority of competent jurisdiction restraining, enjoining or otherwise
preventing consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.    28    (d) (i) The Sale and Consignment Order shall
have become a Final Order or (ii)(A) the Sale and Consignment Order shall
have been duly entered by the Bankruptcy Court and (B) neither the Sale and
Consignment Order nor the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby shall have been stayed, enjoined or otherwise
prohibited by Law.   (e) (i) The Sellers shall have acquired from AVS, free
and clear of any and all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), all of
the Leased FFandE;, so that Sellers can sell, transfer, convey, assign and
deliver all of such Leased FFandE; to KIAC in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement; (ii) (A) the owner of the real property which is the subject of
the Miramar Lease and all other Persons (if any) who have any interest in
such real property which may entitle or enable such Persons to terminate the
Miramar Lease or evict KIAC from, or otherwise disturb KIAC\'s possession and
quiet enjoyment of, such real property shall have delivered to KIAC written
documents satisfactory in form and substance to KIAC acknowledging and
agreeing to KIAC\'s right to undisturbed possession and quiet enjoyment of
such real property throughout the term of the Miramar Lease so long as KIAC
is not in default under the Miramar Lease (in each case, as amended in
accordance with clause (B) below and (B) the Miramar Lease shall have been
amended (upon the terms and conditions outlined in Schedule 29 to this
Agreement and pursuant to a written document satisfactory in form
and substance to KIAC), and shall have been assumed by Kellstrom and assigned
to KIAC in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the requirements
of the Bankruptcy Code; and (iii) (A) Sellers and KAV shall have entered into
a consignment agreement, upon the terms and conditions set forth in Schedule
30 to this Agreement and satisfactory in form and substance to KIAC, pursuant
to which KAV shall have consigned inventory to Sellers, (B) the Bankruptcy
Court shall have approved such consignment agreement by a Final Order and (C)
such consignment agreement shall have been assigned to KIAC in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement and the requirements of the Bankruptcy
Code.   (f) The aggregate amount required to be paid by Sellers pursuant to
Section 3.1 of this Agreement (exclusive of amounts required to
cure defaults, if any, under the Miramar Lease) shall not exceed
$500,000.   5.7 Waiver of Conditions Precedent. In the event that the
Closing shall take place, each of KIAC and the Sellers shall be deemed to
have validly and effectively waived, in accordance with all of the terms and
provisions of this Agreement, any condition precedent to its respective
obligations under this Agreement which may not have been satisfied at the
time of the Closing (whether or not it shall theretofore have done so in
writing) and none of KIAC or the Sellers shall thereafter have any claim of
any nature whatsoever against any other party thereto by reason of any non-
satisfaction of any such condition precedent.    29    ARTICLE VI  
CONSIGNMENT OF ASSETS   6.1 Appointment and Acceptance of Agency.   (a)
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Seller hereby appoints KIAC
as its agent during the Consignment Period and grants KIAC the exclusive
right during the Consignment Period to market, through sale, lease and
exchange transactions in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, the
Consigned Inventory owned by such Seller. KIAC hereby accepts such
appointment and agrees to market the Consigned Inventory for Sellers through
sale, lease and exchange transactions. Except as otherwise set forth in this
Agreement, KIAC acknowledges and agrees that KIAC shall not sell, lease or
exchange or otherwise transfer any Consigned Inventory to KIAC or
any Subsidiary of KIAC without the prior written consent of the applicable
Seller, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   (b)
Sales, leases and exchanges of Consigned Inventory by KIAC shall be on an
individual item or lot basis and on such terms and conditions, at such prices
and to such purchasers, lessees and exchange recipients as KIAC deems
appropriate; provided, that if, for any calendar quarter, (i) the ratio of
the aggregate Gross Sales Price for all Consigned Inventory sold by KIAC
during such calendar quarter to the Book Value of such Consigned Inventory
sold by KIAC during such calendar quarter is less than 50% (excluding sales
of Consigned Inventory sold as scrap pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof) or (ii)
the aggregate Gross Sales Price for all Consigned Inventory sold by KIAC
during such calendar quarter is not at least 75% of the Fair Market Value of
such Consigned Inventory (excluding sales of Consigned Inventory sold as
scrap pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof), then Sellers shall have the
right, exercisable by written notice to KIAC, to require KIAC to receive the
prior consent of the applicable Seller or Agent to sell Consigned Inventory
reasonably likely to generate an aggregate Gross Sales Price in excess of
$25,000. In the event that KIAC seeks such consent (which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed), it shall request the consent of the
applicable Seller or Agent on any Business Day by speaking by telephone or in
person with an authorized representative of such Seller or Agent, and
promptly thereafter confirming such request by e-mail. In the event that none
of the foregoing representatives of Sellers or Agent shall respond to such
request for consent within 24 hours after such e-mail is sent, such request
for consent shall be deemed granted. In the event that either of the Persons
named above (or any other designee referred to above) shall verbally respond
to KIAC\'s request to consent within the 24-hour period referred to above,
such Person or designee shall promptly thereafter send an e-mail confirmation
of his or her response to the employee of KIAC to whom the verbal response
was given at the email address provided by such employee. The obligation of
KIAC to obtain such consent of Sellers or Agent with respect to the sale of
Consigned Inventory under this Section 6.1(b) hereof shall terminate
automatically upon the results of a succeeding calendar quarter reflecting
(i) a ratio of aggregate Gross Sales Price to the Book Value for Consigned
Verified Parts sold in such calendar quarter greater than or equal to 50%
(excluding sales of Consigned Inventory sold as scrap pursuant to Section 6.2
hereof), or (ii) aggregate Gross Sales    30   Price for Consigned
Inventory sold by KIAC during such calendar quarter is greater than or equal
to 75% of Fair Market Value of such Consigned Inventory (excluding sales of
Consigned Inventory sold as scrap pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof). Upon
written notice from Sellers, the obligation of KIAC to obtain such consent
may be reinstated upon the results of a subsequent calendar
quarter reflecting that the aggregate Gross Sales Price does not meet either
of the thresholds set forth in the first sentence of this Section 6.1(b)
hereof.   (c) It is the intent of KIAC to sell each Part in "as-is",
"where-is" condition without any representations or warranties, express or
implied, except (i) a warranty of good title and (ii) such
representations and warranties as KIAC may customarily provide in respect of
any repair, maintenance, overhaul, modification, refurbishment or other work
(including, without limitation, any assignable warranties of the
manufacturers of such Part or of any Person that has overhauled or maintained
such Part; provided, that KIAC shall not make or purport to make on behalf of
any Seller, Agent or the Liquidating Trust any such representation or
warranty.   (d) Notwithstanding any appraisal performed in connection with
the calculations contemplated by Section 6.1(b) hereof, at any time and from
time to time during the Consignment Period, KIAC shall have the right, at its
sole expense, to cause an appraisal of the Consigned Verified Parts to
be performed by a third party appraiser selected by KIAC in its sole
discretion, but the results of any appraisal by such third party appraiser
shall not be binding upon Sellers, Agent or the Liquidating Trust.   6.2
Scrap. From time to time, KIAC shall furnish to Sellers, for their review, a
list of Consigned Inventory that KIAC has determined to be ready for
breakdown as scrap or non-saleable due to obsolescence, or a condition beyond
economic repair (other than as a result of an Event of Loss) or for
other reasons and, to the extent that Sellers concur with and consent to
KIAC\'s determination (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), the items of Consigned Inventory set forth on such list shall be
sold or otherwise disposed of as scrap. In the event that Sellers fail to
consent or object to such list (or any item or items therein) within thirty
calendar days after the date such list is furnished to Sellers, KIAC shall be
entitled to return such item or items of Consigned Inventory to the
applicable Seller and upon shipment thereof to, or at the direction of, the
applicable Seller, such item or items shall cease to constitute Consigned
Inventory.   6.3 Certain Responsibilities of KIAC.   (a) All Consigned
Inventory held by KIAC pursuant to this Article VI shall be held by KIAC as a
bailee-for-hire, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, and Sellers
shall at all times retain title to all items of Consigned Inventory held by
KIAC and the Records related thereto wherever located (unless and until title
thereto shall pass to KIAC from the applicable Seller of such item of
Consigned Inventory as provided in Section 6.8(a) hereof).    31    (b)
Without ten days prior written notice to and the consent of Sellers (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), KIAC shall not,
except as otherwise expressly provided herein, locate or maintain any
Consigned Inventory at any location other than a Designated Location or
transfer any Consigned Inventory to any Person (other than in a sale, lease
or exchange transaction contemplated hereunder). Not less than ten days prior
to the Closing, KIAC shall give Sellers written notice of each location where
any Consigned Inventory, Records related thereto or any records of KIAC
relating to any Consigned Inventory shall be regularly kept and KIAC shall
thereafter give Sellers ten days prior written notice of any change in
any such location.   (c) At the expense of Sellers, KIAC shall continue
to list the Consigned Inventory for sale with the Inventory Locator Service
unless and until such time as it becomes no longer economically feasible to
do so.   (d) KIAC shall, to the extent it deems appropriate, identify items
of Consigned Inventory for repair, overhaul, refurbishment or modification to
enhance the marketability, saleability, leasability or exchangeability of the
Consigned Inventory. KIAC shall maintain a list of vendors (each, an
"Approved Vendor"), which have been and hereafter shall be approved by KIAC
according to a vendor approval process consistent with its quality manual as
in effect from time to time. Any item of Consigned Inventory identified for
repair, overhaul, refurbishment or modification under this Section 6.3(d)
hereof shall only be sent to Approved Vendors. The Approved Vendors list
shall be made available to Sellers upon their request therefor. KIAC shall
repair, overhaul, refurbish or modify, or cause to be repaired, overhauled,
refurbished or modified, in accordance with this Agreement and all applicable
FAA rules, regulations and standards then in effect each item of Consigned
Inventory that KIAC determines, in its sole discretion. Any and all amounts
expended by KIAC to repair, overhaul, refurbish or modify the
Consigned Inventory shall be treated as a Reimbursable Expense; provided,
however, that the aggregate amount of Reimbursable Expenses due and payable
by Sellers on any Business Day during the Consignment Period shall not be in
excess of $[2,000,000] without the prior written approval of Sellers. If KIAC
determines in its sole discretion not to repair, overhaul, refurbish or
modify an item of Consigned Inventory, it shall be entitled to disassemble
and "part out" the item of Consigned Inventory requiring such repair,
overhaul, refurbishment or modification and shall report such determination
to Sellers and Agent.   (e) KIAC and Sellers acknowledge that KIAC has
agreed to assume the payment of certain outstanding payment obligations
relating to the Consigned Inventory sent out for repair, refurbishment,
overhaul or modification prior to and on the Closing Date and which shall not
be returned until after the Closing Date (the "Existing Repair Orders"). KIAC
shall be reimbursed for all amounts so assumed and paid by KIAC in respect of
Existing Repair Orders by offsetting such amounts against all payments which
KIAC would otherwise be required to distribute and remit to Sellers under
Section 6.5 hereof with respect to the repaired, refurbished, overhauled or
modified item of Consigned Inventory.    32    (f) KIAC shall issue an
invoice for each sale, lease or exchange by it of any Consigned Inventory
hereunder in accordance with its customary business practices.   (g) KIAC
shall (1) collect from each purchaser, lessee or exchange recipient of any
item of Consigned Inventory all applicable Sales Taxes, (2) pay all Sales
Taxes to the taxing authorities entitled thereto, (3) file any and all Tax
Returns in respect of Sales Taxes in accordance with applicable Law, and (4)
maintain records of the foregoing in accordance with all applicable Laws and
consistent with its customary business practices. KIAC shall, as reasonably
requested by Sellers, provide Sellers with copies of all receipts, returns
and other records which KIAC creates and/or receives in connection with its
obligations pursuant to this Section 6.3(g) hereof.   (h) KIAC shall
physically inspect each item of Consigned Inventory returned to it by a
purchaser, lessee or exchange recipient thereof and shall verify the serial
number thereof (or, if such item of Consigned Inventory shall have been
delivered by Sellers to KIAC pursuant hereto without a serial number, KIAC
shall otherwise identify, to its reasonable satisfaction, that the property
returned to it is in fact the item of Consigned Inventory that was shipped by
it). No item of Consigned Inventory shall be accepted for return by KIAC
other than under circumstances under which returns are customarily accepted
by KIAC with respect to its own inventory.   (i) KIAC shall provide
warehousing and storage facilities for the Consigned Inventory (including the
Records related thereto) subject to this Article VI comparable to the
facilities used by KIAC for the warehousing and storage of its own inventory.
KIAC shall locate and store such Consigned Inventory (including the Records
related thereto) as shall, from time to time, be in the possession of KIAC
and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to identify the Consigned
Inventory as Sellers\' property unless and until shipped to a purchaser,
lessee or exchange recipient or returned to, or otherwise disposed of, in
accordance with this Agreement or at the direction of, the applicable Seller,
pursuant to Section 6.3(l) hereof. KIAC shall safeguard the Consigned
Inventory (including the Records related thereto) in a manner consistent with
procedures utilized for its own inventory.   (j) KIAC shall maintain
accurate and complete records for all Consigned Inventory based upon the
records provided to KIAC by Sellers (and not by performing a physical
inventory of the Consigned Inventory or Consigned Verified Parts), including,
without limitation, inventory records, and maintenance and repair records,
and update the Records in connection with the repair or overhaul of the
Consigned Inventory in accordance with all applicable FAA rules, regulations
and standards. KIAC shall maintain all Permits as may be required by the FAA
or other applicable regulatory authority to perform the undertakings
contemplated hereby. As soon as practicable after the Closing Date and on
each Consignment Report Date during the Consignment Period, KIAC
shall provide to Sellers complete and correct copies of such records and
FAA reporting, as applicable in computer readable form reasonably acceptable
to Sellers and consistent with industry standards then in effect at the time
such records and reports are provided.    33    (k) On any Consignment
Termination Date arising from a Consignment Termination Event described in
Section 6.9(a) hereof, (A) (1) the agency of KIAC hereunder shall cease; (2)
Sellers or Agent shall have the right to enter the premises of KIAC, or any
Designated Location or any other location where any Consigned Inventory is
then located, and repossess such Consigned Inventory (and the Records related
thereto) then subject to this Agreement; and (3) KIAC shall hold, in
accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of Article VI hereof,
and make available to Sellers or Agent for repossession all Consigned
Inventory (and the Records related thereto) then in the possession and
control of KIAC until such Consigned Inventory has been so repossessed
(but in no event longer than 90 days after the end of the Consignment Period)
and (B) to the extent that Sellers or Agent have not exercised their right to
enter the premises as described in clause (i) above, (1) the agency of KIAC
hereunder shall cease; (2) KIAC shall continue to hold, in accordance with
the terms and subject to the conditions of Article VI hereof, and all
Consigned Inventory (and the Records related thereto) then in the possession
and control of KIAC for a period of up to 90 days after the end of the
Consignment Termination Date; (3) during such 90-day period, KIAC shall
return to Sellers, or at Sellers\' request dispose of, the Consigned
Inventory that is subject to this Agreement as of the Consignment Termination
Date (together with the Records and any and all records of KIAC described in
Section 6.3(j) hereof relating to such Consigned Inventory in such manner and
at such locations in the United States as the Sellers shall direct; and (4)
prior to the end of such 90-day period, KIAC and Sellers shall conduct a
final accounting of all amounts payable pursuant to Article VI
hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, KIAC and Sellers (with the prior
consent of Agent) may mutually elect to extend the Consignment Period and the
agency created under Section 6.1(a) hereof with respect to any item of
Consigned Inventory and, if so extended, all of the provisions of this
Article VI hereof shall continue with respect to such item until it is sold,
leased, exchanged, or returned to the applicable Seller, and the rights and
provisions of Section 6.5 hereof are satisfied. From and after any
Consignment Termination Date, all reasonable and documented costs incurred in
connection with the return, disposal or other disposition of any item of
Consigned Inventory, Records related thereto or other records pursuant to
this Section 6.3(k) hereof, including shipping costs and such other costs and
expenses as are directly allocable to the return or disposal of the Consigned
Inventory, shall be paid in advance by Sellers. Absent such payments, KIAC
may after 30 days following notice and demand for such pre-payment dispose of
the Consigned Inventory in such manner as it, in its sole discretion, shall
determine.   (l) Upon the sale, lease, exchange, disposal or return
to Sellers of all Consigned Inventory pursuant to Section 6.3(k) hereof,
Sellers shall promptly pay to KIAC all Reimbursable Expenses for which KIAC
has not received reimbursement from Sellers under Section 6.5 hereof.   (m)
KIAC shall not take title to any Consigned Inventory in any jurisdiction in
which the sale of such Consigned Inventory to KIAC would be subject to any
Sales Tax without either (i) obtaining Sellers\' written consent or (ii)
providing a certificate of resale or analogous document for
such jurisdiction, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Sellers.    34    6.4 Certain Responsibilities of Sellers.   KIAC
shall (i) file any and all tax returns in respect of Property Taxes in
accordance with applicable Law, and (ii) maintain records of the foregoing in
accordance with all applicable Laws and prudent business practice. Sellers
shall reimburse KIAC, directly or by offset against any amounts due
and payable to Sellers under this Agreement, for any and all costs incurred
by KIAC in connection with its obligations under this Section 6.4 hereof
(exclusive of normal overhead) and for any and all Property Taxes required to
be paid to any taxing authorities on or in connection with the Consigned
Inventory. Sellers shall, as reasonably requested by KIAC, provide KIAC with
copies of all receipts, returns and other records which Sellers create and/or
receive in connection with their respective obligations pursuant to this
Section 6.4 hereof.   6.5 Commissions and Payments.   (a) The Net Sales
Proceeds for each item of Consigned Inventory sold, leased or exchanged by
KIAC hereunder shall be distributed 70% to the applicable Seller and 30% to
KIAC (the "Consignee Commission"), subject to offset as provided in Section
6.11 hereof, but (notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this
Agreement) only as so provided in such section.   (b) KIAC shall remit to
Sellers monthly, not later than the fifth Business Day of the calendar month
following the calendar month in which the Net Sales Proceeds are received and
applied in the normal course by KIAC against specified invoices as listed on
the related remittance, an amount equal to the Net Sales Revenue. All Net
Sales Proceeds received by KIAC during any calendar month shall be applied to
the invoice in respect of which such Net Sales Proceeds were remitted;
provided; however, that, if KIAC is unable to make such application because
the customer does not provide sufficient detail with its remittance, such
payment shall be applied to the outstanding Purchased Accounts Receivable of
such customer (on an "oldest first" basis), and any payments in excess of the
outstanding amount of such outstanding Purchased Accounts Receivable shall be
applied (on an "oldest first" basis) to outstanding accounts receivable
arising from any sale by KIAC to such customer. Each payment required to be
remitted by KIAC pursuant to this Section 6.5(b) shall be made to one or more
bank accounts designated from time to time by Sellers by written notice to
KIAC. Each payment made by KIAC to Sellers pursuant to this Section 6.5(b)
shall be accompanied by a cash receipts report in form and substance mutually
acceptable to KIAC and Sellers, which report shall reflect
accounts receivable collections received by KIAC during the immediately
preceding calendar month in respect of the sale, lease and exchange of
Consigned Inventory.   (c) KIAC shall remit to Sellers monthly, not later
than the fifth Business Day following the last day of each calendar month
(each, a "Monthly True Up Payment Date"), an amount equal to the Net Sales
Revenue related to accounts receivable arising from the sale of Consigned
Inventory to the extent that such accounts receivable have been outstanding
for more than 120 calendar days.    35    (d) If the aggregate amount
due and payable to Sellers under this Article VI shall exceed $5,000,000 on
any Business Day during the Consignment Period, KIAC shall, in its sole
discretion, either (i) promptly (and in any event within five Business Days
following the date on which such amount exceeded $5,000,000) remit to Sellers
Net Sales Revenue in an amount equal to such excess or (ii) cause all future
sales, leases and exchanges of Consigned Inventory to be conducted on a (A)
cash in advance or (B) cash on delivery basis, in each case, until such time
as the aggregate Net Sales Revenue due and payable to Sellers under this
Article VI is no longer in excess of $5,000,000.   (e) KIAC shall be
responsible for all invoicing procedures and accounts receivable collections
for the sale, lease or exchange of the Consigned Inventory.   (f) On each
relevant payment date, KIAC shall deduct from the amount of Net Sales Revenue
otherwise payable to Sellers hereunder (and shall retain for its own account)
all (i) amounts previously remitted to Sellers for any Consigned Inventory
sold by KIAC and returned by a purchaser thereof in accordance with the terms
of the sale during the calendar month to which such payment date relates,
(ii) amounts incurred by KIAC in connection with the Property Insurance and
Liability Insurance described in Section 6.7(a)(i) and Section 6.7(a)(ii)
hereof, and (iii) other amounts due to KIAC under this Article VI hereof.  
(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if
at any time any item of Consigned Inventory is sold by KIAC to KIAC or any
Subsidiary of KIAC, the item so sold shall be deemed to have been sold for
Net Sales Proceeds equal to the Fair Market Value of such item and to have
been paid for on the date of sale.   (h) KIAC may enter into exchange
transactions with third-party customers upon such terms and in such manner as
shall be consistent with the past practice of Sellers. Upon an exchange with
an end-user of (but not a dealer in) any item or items of Consigned Inventory
for another item or items, title to the item or items received in the
exchange shall automatically pass to Sellers (and KIAC shall provide all
documentation Sellers may reasonably request to evidence such passage of
title) and thereafter, each such item shall be considered an item of
Consigned Inventory for all purposes of this Agreement. Each such item so
received shall have attributed to it the amount of the Reimbursable Expenses
allocable to the item of Consigned Inventory transferred in exchange
therefor. If KIAC receives an Exchange Fee in addition to the part received
in the exchange, then such Exchange Fee shall be treated as Net
Sales Proceeds to be allocated and distributed pursuant to Sections 6.5(a)
and (b)hereof. If KIAC scraps any part received in an exchange and treats the
same as a sale of the exchanged item to the exchange customer, such sale
shall be treated as a sale of such exchanged item hereunder and the proceeds
of such sale shall be allocated pursuant to Sections 6.5(a) and (b)
hereof.    36    6.6 Review and Reporting.   (a) On the 25th calendar
day following the last day of each calendar month (such date, a "Consignment
Report Date"), KIAC shall provide to Sellers and Agent a report in
substantially the form described in Schedule 1 hereto (a "Consignment
Report") relating to the calendar month immediately preceding the Consignment
Report Date. Each of Sellers and Agent shall have the right to inspect the
Consigned Inventory and all records relating to the Consigned Inventory from
time to time during the Consignment Period and during KIAC\'s normal business
hours, such inspections to be solely at the expense of Sellers or Agent, as
applicable, and conducted so as not to unreasonably disrupt the operations of
KIAC and its Affiliates.   (b) KIAC shall periodically review with Sellers
KIAC\'s standard operating procedures for the disassembly, repair,
maintenance, overhaul, refurbishment and modification of Consigned Inventory,
and any proposed modifications or amendments thereto.   (c) (i) Sellers
shall review the Consignment Reports and, no later than ten Business Days
after receiving each Consignment Report, shall notify KIAC in writing of any
objections to such Consignment Report, specifying in reasonable detail the
grounds for such objection (the "Objection"). KIAC shall no later than five
Business Days after receipt by it of any Objection, by written notice to
Sellers accept or reject such Objection, specifying in reasonable detail the
grounds for any rejection thereof. If KIAC accepts any Objection, the
Consignment Report shall be revised accordingly and reissued, and the amount
payable to Sellers hereunder in respect of the reporting period to which such
Consignment Report relates shall also be adjusted accordingly. KIAC shall
promptly pay Sellers such additional amount as shall be required to be paid
to Sellers as a result of such adjustment. If KIAC rejects any Objection, the
parties shall meet within five Business Days after KIAC notifies Sellers of
such rejection to discuss and resolve any such Objection.   (ii) If the
parties fail to reach agreement a resolution of an Objection at such meeting,
or at any mutually agreed upon postponement or adjournment thereof, Sellers
may at their option, by written notice delivered to KIAC within five Business
Days following the date of such meeting or postponement or adjournment
thereof, either (A) withdraw such Objection (in which case no adjustments in
respect of such withdrawn Objections shall be made to such report), or (B)
pursue the Objection by requiring the Consignment Report to which the
Objection relates to be examined and verified by the Independent Accountants
which shall review and resolve the Objection. KIAC and Sellers shall
cooperate fully with such accountants and shall provide such accountants (if
reasonably necessary to resolve the Objection) such records, invoices,
accounts, documents and other information relating to Article VI hereof and
the Consigned Inventory as such accountants shall request in connection with
their examination and verification of such Consignment Reports. KIAC shall
provide such accountants all information available to it related to the
Consigned Inventory and reasonably necessary to allow such accountants
to verify, if and to the extent applicable to the Objection, the following
with respect to the period to which the Objection relates:    37   (A)
the frequency of sales, leases and exchanges of Consigned Inventory and
(B) that the Labor Costs and Material Costs assessed as Reimbursable Expenses
are accurately reflected in the Consignment Reports. The criteria set forth
in the foregoing clauses (A) and (B) are hereinafter referred to as the
"Accounting Criteria". The accountants shall review the Accounting Criteria
taking into account KIAC\'s commercially reasonable business discretion,
operational capabilities and contract commitments. The resolution of the
Objection and the results of the calculations performed by the Independent
Accountants shall be accepted by KIAC and Sellers as final, nonappealable and
conclusive for the purpose of determining all amounts payable under Article
VI hereof in respect of all Consigned Inventory sold, leased or exchanged or
deemed sold, leased or exchanged during the reporting period subject to the
Objection. KIAC and Sellers each agree that they shall, within five Business
Days following their respective receipt of the final report by such
Independent Accountants, make such payments, if any, as shall be required to
be made by them, as the case may be, as a result of such final report.  
(d) If, as a result of the examination and verification by any such
Independent Accountants of the Consignment Reports for any period of six
consecutive months, KIAC shall be required to pay Sellers an aggregate amount
in excess of 5% of the aggregate amount originally determined by KIAC to be
payable to Sellers in respect of the six-month period covered by
such Consignment Reports, all fees and expenses of the Independent
Accountants in connection with such examination and verification shall be
paid solely by KIAC; otherwise, such fees and expenses shall be paid solely
by Sellers.   (e) In addition to any such examination and verification, on
or during the 30-day period prior to each anniversary of the Closing
Date, KIAC, at Sellers\' prior written request and cost, shall permit Sellers
(jointly) or Agent to verify any of the Accounting Criteria specified by
Sellers with respect to the Consigned Inventory during the preceding 12
calendar months, using the same procedures as are specified in Section 6.6(c)
hereof. KIAC and Sellers shall cooperate fully and KIAC shall provide Sellers
on demand with such records, invoices, accounts, documents and other
information relating to this Agreement and the Consigned Inventory as they
shall request in connection with their verification. Any unreconciled
differences between the Consigned Inventory as reported by KIAC in the
Consignment Reports and the Consigned Inventory as determined by Sellers or
Agent, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 6.6(e) hereof shall be treated
as Events of Loss hereunder.   (f) KIAC and Sellers hereby agree that all
Consignment Reports and all other information learned and required to be
provided by and in any way relating to this Agreement, the Consigned
Inventory or any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without
limitation, during any period that due diligence is being conducted) shall be
treated as confidential, shall be used solely for the purpose of performing
their respective obligations hereunder and shall not be disclosed to any
third party, except to prospective successors and permitted transferees of
KIAC or Sellers, or the counsel, accountants, lenders, insurance brokers or
other agents of KIAC, Sellers or the aforementioned transferees who agree in
advance, in writing, to keep such information    38   confidential
unless such information is required to be disclosed by Law, and then only to
the extent so required.   6.7 Insurance and Events of Loss.   (a) KIAC
shall keep in full force and effect at all times during the Consignment
Period the following insurance coverage with insurers used by KIAC or other
insurers of recognized reputation and responsibility:   (i) All risk
property, including in-transit  insurance, with respect to the Consigned
Inventory and the Retained  Assets to the extent that such assets relate to a
Seller\'s "lease  portfolio" in an amount equal to the Insured Value thereof
(the  "Property Insurance"). Insofar as the relevant policies cover the 
Consigned Inventory held by KIAC and the Retained Assets to the extent  that
such assets relate to a Seller\'s "lease portfolio", Sellers shall  be named
as additional insureds and sole loss payee as its interests  may appear,
under the policy without imposing any obligation on Sellers  to pay the
premiums thereof, and the insurer shall waive all rights of  subrogation with
respect to Sellers.   (ii) Comprehensive general liability insurance in  an
amount not less than $100,000,000 and products liability insurance  in an
amount not less than $500,000,000 (together, "Liability  Insurance"), in each
case combined single limit bodily injury and  property damage per
occurrence/aggregate. Sellers shall be named as  additional insureds under
each Liability Insurance policy without  imposing any obligation on Sellers
to pay the premiums thereof. Each  Liability Insurance policy shall include
broad-form contractual  liability subject to the terms and conditions of the
policy. Each  Liability Insurance policy shall operate with respect to each 
additional insured as though a separate policy were issued to each,  provided
that such provisions shall not operate to increase the  insurer\'s limit of
liability.   (iii) Workers compensation and employers liability  required
by all applicable Laws.   (iv) Nothing in this Section 6.7 hereof shall 
prohibit Sellers from obtaining (A) the insurance coverages referred to  in
Sections 6.7(a)(i). (ii) and (iii) hereof should KIAC fail to do so,  or (B)
additional insurance in respect of any Consigned Inventory  consigned
hereunder so long as such additional insurance shall in no  manner invalidate
any insurance maintained by KIAC in accordance with  the provisions of this
Section 6.7 hereof.   (b) The insurance policies described in
Sections 6.7(a)(i) and 6/7(a)(ii) hereof shall be endorsed to include breach
of warranty protection in favor of Sellers, and said insurance shall be
primary insurance over any such insurance carried by the Sellers.   (c)
KIAC shall provide certificates of insurance from its independent insurance
broker or underwriters to Sellers evidencing the coverages referred to in
Sections 6.7(a)(i), (ii), and (iii) hereof at the Closing, upon any increase
in coverage or    39   amount of any insurance required by this
Agreement, and upon policy renewal for the term of the Consignment Period.
The certificate shall provide for a 30 day notice to Sellers of cancellation
of or material change to the coverages required hereby.   (d) Sellers shall
be responsible for and shall reimburse (to the extent such amount has not
already been paid pursuant to Section 6.5(f) hereof) KIAC promptly upon
receipt from KIAC of a written request therefor for their ratable share of
the insurance premium cost incurred by KIAC in connection with its obligation
to maintain the insurance coverages referred to in Sections 6.7(a)(i) and
(ii) hereof. Sellers\' ratable share shall be based on the Insured Value of
the Consigned Inventory covered during the period for which the premium is
charged as allocated by the applicable insurance carrier. KIAC shall
be responsible for timely payment of the costs of insurance maintained by
it pursuant to Sections 6.7(a)(i) and (ii) hereof; provided, however, that
such allocation shall be reassessed on a quarterly basis and adjusted
accordingly. Any deductible for Property Insurance and Liability Insurance
shall be borne by KIAC and Sellers in proportion to the respective Fair
Market Value (as determined by the insurer or insurers thereof) of their
insured assets against which the deductible is to be applied. Any deductibles
applicable under the insurance policies required to be maintained by KIAC
pursuant to Sections 6.7(a)(i) and (ii) hereof shall, with respect to each
policy year, be applied against claims in proportion to the average Fair
Market Values (as determined by the applicable insurer) of the assets of KIAC
and Seller covered by such policies during such policy year. In the event
that, at any time before or after the end of any policy year, it shall be
determined that any deductible was applied in any manner inconsistent with
the provisions of the preceding sentence hereof, the party against which a
deductible was applied in a disproportionately low manner shall pay to the
other party, in cash or by offset, such amount or amounts as shall be
necessary to cause all deductibles for such policy year to have been applied
in accordance with such preceding sentence.   (e) Within 30 days following
the date hereof, Sellers shall begin a physical inventory of the Consigned
Verified Parts included in the Consigned Inventory, and within 30 days
following the Closing Date, Sellers shall execute and deliver to KIAC a
written instrument listing or otherwise identifying to their mutual
satisfaction all Consigned Verified Parts included in the Consigned Inventory
existing and consigned to KIAC under this Agreement as of the time of the
Closing. Such instrument shall be jointly prepared by Sellers on the basis of
a physical inventory of the Consigned Verified Parts included in the
Consigned Inventory as of the Closing conducted by Sellers or KPMG at the
expense of the Sellers in accordance with generally accepted accounting
standards or on such other basis as KIAC and Sellers shall agree. Within ten
Business Days after the discovery of an Event of Loss with respect to any
item of Consigned Inventory or any item which shall become an item
of Consigned Inventory subsequent to the Closing, KIAC shall, as soon as
is practical, give Sellers written notice of such event. Promptly following
receipt by KIAC of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards relating to
any such Event of Loss, KIAC shall pay the amount of such insurance proceeds
or condemnation awards (net of any Reimbursable Expenses and any
Consignee Commission related to the item of Consigned Inventory that is the
subject of the Event of Loss) to the applicable Seller to one or more bank
accounts designated by such Seller by written notice to KIAC. Each such
payment shall be treated identically to a payment by    40   KIAC to
Sellers of the Net Sales Revenue with respect to the item of
Consigned Inventory suffering such Event of Loss, and accordingly, such
payment shall be allocated pursuant to Sections 6.5(a) and (b) hereof. In the
event that any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards on account of any
Event of Loss with respect to any item Consigned Inventory shall be paid
directly to Sellers, then Sellers shall promptly remit to KIAC the
Reimbursable Expenses and Consignee Commission with respect to such item upon
receipt by Sellers of a request therefor accompanied by reasonable evidence
thereof.   6.8 Passage of Title Upon Sale, Warranties, Etc.   (a) Title to
each item of Consigned Inventory (and the Records related thereto) shall
automatically pass from the applicable Seller to KIAC, free and clear of all
Liens except Permitted Liens, immediately prior to the shipment of such item
to the purchaser or exchange recipient thereof. At all times prior to the
passage of title in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 6.8(a)
hereof, title to each item of Consigned Inventory (and the Records related
thereto) shall remain in the applicable Seller.   (b) Each and every item of
Consigned Inventory subject to the terms and conditions of this Article VI is
owned by a Seller, is free and clear of all Liens that are not Permitted
Liens and is being provided by Sellers on an "as is" and "where is"
basis.   (c) All Consigned Inventory sold, leased, exchanged or otherwise
transferred to a purchaser, lessee, exchange recipient or transferee thereof
shall be so sold, leased, exchanged or transferred with only
those warranties, if any, of KIAC as it may determine from time to time in
its sole discretion, and Sellers shall have no responsibility therefore
except for warranties relating to title and liens.   6.9 Termination of
Consignment.    (a) The term "Consignment Termination Event,"
wherever used herein, means any of the following events or conditions
(whatever the reason for such Consignment Termination Event and whether it
shall be voluntary or involuntary or come about or be effected by operation
of law or pursuant to or in compliance with any governmental rule or
government action):   (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default;   (ii)
the sale or other disposition by KIAC  hereunder of all Parts included in the
Consigned Inventory;   (iii) the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date;  
(iv) KIAC\'s failure to achieve a Performance  Benchmark; or   (v) the
expiration of a Force Majeure Waiting  Period.    41    (b) Upon the
occurrence of any Consignment Termination Event described in (a)(i) above,
Sellers shall have the right at any time within 30 days of the occurrence
thereof upon written notice to KIAC to terminate the Consignment Period. Upon
the occurrence of any Consignment Termination Event described in clauses
(a)(ii) or (iii) above, the Consignment Period shall automatically terminate.
Upon the occurrence of any Consignment Termination Event described in clause
(a)(iv) above and provided that KIAC shall not have remitted the Make-Up
Price to Sellers within 30 days following the last day of the relevant
Performance Benchmark period, Sellers shall have the right, within 30 days of
KIAC\'s failure to remit the Make-Up Price, to terminate the Consignment
Period, which termination shall be effective immediately upon written notice
thereof to KIAC; provided, further, that irrespective of whether Sellers
elect to terminate the Consignment Period pursuant to the
immediately preceding proviso, KIAC shall have the right, within 30 days
following any failure by it to achieve the relevant Performance Benchmark, to
terminate the Consignment Period, which termination shall be effective
immediately upon written notice thereof to Sellers. Upon the occurrence of
the Consignment Termination Event described in clause (a)(v) above, the party
whose performance is not affected by the force majeure shall have the right
at any time upon written notice to the other party to terminate the
Consignment Period. The date on which the Consignment Period shall be
terminated hereunder shall be referred to herein as the "Consignment
Termination Date". On the Consignment Termination Date, the Consignment
Period shall end and the provisions of Section 6.3(k) hereof shall apply.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, on or
within 30 days after the Consignment Termination Date, all amounts which are
then owed to KIAC under any provision of this Agreement shall be paid to KIAC
in cash and the Consignment Period shall not end until such payment shall
have been received.   (c) The term "Event of Default," wherever used in
this Section 6.9 hereof, means any of the following events or conditions
(whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be
voluntary or involuntary or come about or be effected by operation of law or
pursuant to or in compliance with any governmental rule or governmental
action):   (i) KIAC shall fail to make any payment not in  dispute (any and
all undisputed portions shall be timely paid) when due  under this Article VI
hereof and such payment shall remain overdue for  a period of three Business
Days;   (ii) KIAC shall fail to perform or observe any  other material
covenant, condition or agreement to be performed or  observed by it pursuant
to or in connection with this Agreement  (including, without limitation,
KIAC\'s obligation to provide the  Reports and to maintain accurate and
complete records for the Parts  pursuant to Section 6.3(j) hereof) and such
failure shall continue for  a period of 15 calendar days after written notice
thereof is given by  Sellers to KIAC, provided, however, that such cure
period shall be  extended if KIAC shall have made good faith efforts during
such cure  period to cure the default but shall not have completed such cure,
but  in no event shall such additional cure period extend for greater than 
15 calendar days beyond the initial 15-day cure period;    42    (iii)
KIAC shall make or permit any unauthorized  assignment or transfer of this
Agreement or any interest therein or  intentionally use or permit the use of
any item of Consigned Inventory  for an illegal purpose;   (iv) A petition
against KIAC shall be filed in a  proceeding or case under the Bankruptcy
Code or other Federal  insolvency law as now or hereafter constituted, or any
other applicable  Federal bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or a
case is  commenced under any such Federal law to appoint a receiver,
liquidator,  assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official)
of  KIAC or for all or substantially all of its property, or to wind-up or 
liquidate its affairs, and in any of such cases, such petition or case  shall
not be withdrawn or dismissed within 60 days thereafter;   (v) Any judgment,
decree or order for relief  shall be entered by a court having jurisdiction
in respect of KIAC in  an involuntary case under any applicable state
bankruptcy, insolvency  or other similar law, or appointing a sequestrator
(or similar  official) of KIAC or for all or substantially all of its
property, or  ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs and any
such  judgment, decree or order shall continue unstayed and in effect for a 
period of 30 days after the entry thereof;   (vi) KIAC shall commence a
voluntary case under  the Bankruptcy Code, or any other applicable Federal or
State  bankruptcy, insolvency, corporate winding up or reorganization 
provisions or other similar law, or KIAC shall consent to the  appointment of
or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator,  assignee, trustee,
custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official)  of KIAC or for all or
substantially all of its property, or KIAC shall  make any assignment for the
benefit of creditors; or   (vii) KIAC shall discontinue its operations 
related to the redistribution of aircraft parts and engine parts for a 
period in excess of 60 consecutive calendar days.   (d) Upon the occurrence
and continuance of any Event of Default, and without limiting the terms of
this Section 6.9 hereof, Sellers may exercise any and all rights they may now
or hereafter have under applicable Law, whether existing at law or in equity,
including, without limitation, the right to enter the premises of KIAC, or
any Designated Location or any other location where any Consigned Inventory
is then located, and repossess any item of Consigned Inventory then subject
to this Agreement and to proceed by appropriate court action to enforce the
terms hereof and to recover damages for the breach hereof. No remedy referred
to herein is intended to be exclusive, but each shall be cumulative and in
addition to any other remedy referred to herein or otherwise available to
Sellers at law or in equity; and the exercise or beginning of exercise by
Sellers of any one or more such remedies shall not preclude the simultaneous
or later exercise by Sellers of any or all such other remedies. No express or
implied waiver by Sellers of any Event of Default hereunder shall in any way
be, or be construed to be, a waiver of any future or subsequent Event of
Default.    43    6.10 Force Majeure   (a) If any performance by KIAC
or Sellers under this Article VI hereof is delayed or prevented by any acts
of God (including severe weather), strike, lockout, shortage of material or
labor, restriction by any governmental authority, civil riot, fire,
explosions or other casualty, national emergency, enemy action either
directly or indirectly, and any other cause beyond the reasonable control of
a party, then the period of such party\'s performance of the applicable
obligation shall be automatically extended for the same amount of time that
such party is so delayed or hindered. The affected party shall use its best
efforts to remove the cause of delay. Both parties shall notify each other in
writing of the said failure within ten days after the commencement of the
event relied upon for its failure to comply with its obligations.   (b) If
a party shall fail to perform its obligations under this Article VI hereof
(other than an obligation by KIAC to remit monies due and payable to any
Seller within the time period provided in this Article VI), for a period of
90 days or more, or if KIAC shall fail to remit monies due and payable to any
Seller for a period of 15 days or more beyond the time period provided in
this Article VI, by reason of any circumstance referred to in Section 6.10(a)
of this Agreement, the other party shall have the right to terminate the
Consignment Period pursuant to Section 6.9 hereof.   6.11 Payments by
Seller; KIAC\'s Right of Offset. Any payment or reimbursement due and payable
from any Seller to KIAC (a) under this Article VI, (b) in respect of the
breach by any Seller of (i) any representation or warranty that shall survive
the Closing pursuant to Section 7.21 of this Agreement or (ii) any covenant
of any Seller set forth in Article X hereof (but not any covenant set forth
in Article IX hereof, none of which shall survive the Closing) or (c) as
otherwise expressly set forth in any other provision of this Agreement shall
be effected by KIAC offsetting the amount of such payment or reimbursement to
be paid by any Seller to KIAC against amounts due and payable from KIAC to
any Seller (to the extent of such amounts due and payable) and by Sellers\'
remittance of the balance of any such payment or reimbursement to KIAC in
cash.   ARTICLE VII   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS  
Sellers jointly and severally make the following representations
and warranties to KIAC, each of which shall be true and correct as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent
expressly relating to a specific date, in which event it shall be true and
correct as of such date) and shall be unaffected by any investigation
heretofore or hereafter made by or on behalf of KIAC. It is expressly
acknowledged and agreed that no Seller is making any representation or
warranty whatsoever, expressed or implied (including, without limitation, any
representation as to the condition, merchantability, suitability or fitness
for a particular purpose of any of the Purchased Assets or the Consigned
Inventory), except as explicitly set forth in this Article VII , any other
provision of this Agreement or in any written agreement, document or
instrument    44   executed and delivered by such Seller in connection
with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby.  
7.1 Organization and Good Standing. Each Seller is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware (or such other jurisdiction as is identified in Schedule
1 hereto) and has the requisite corporate or other organizational power
and authority to own, lease or otherwise hold its properties and assets and
carry on its business as presently conducted. Each Seller is qualified or
licensed to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in
every jurisdiction where the nature of the business conducted by it or the
properties owned or leased by it requires such qualification, except where
the failure to be so qualified, licensed or in good standing would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   7.2
Authorization and Effect of Agreement. Each Seller has the requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and to deliver this Agreement and
the Collateral Agreements and, subject to the entry of the Sale
Procedures Order and the Sale and Consignment Order, to perform its
obligations hereunder and under the Collateral Agreements. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements by each Seller, and
the performance by such Seller of its obligations hereunder and thereunder
and the consummation by such Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, have been duly authorized by its board of directors and no other
corporate action on the part of Seller is necessary to authorize the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Collateral Agreements or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by each Seller and
constitutes, and each of the Collateral Agreements (when executed and
delivered by each Seller which is a party thereto) shall constitute, a valid
and binding agreement of such Seller, enforceable against such Seller in
accordance with its terms, subject (in each case) to the entry of the Sale
Procedures Order and the Sale and Consignment Order.   7.3 No Conflicts.
The execution and delivery by each Seller of this Agreement and each of the
Collateral Agreements to which it is to be a party do not, and will not, and
the performance by each Seller of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or such Collateral Agreements, will not, (a) conflict with, or
result in any violation of, or constitute a default under, or give rise to
the creation of a Lien not expressly contemplated in this Agreement upon any
of the Purchased Assets, the Miramar Facility, the Miramar Leasehold or the
Consigned Inventory or to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any obligation or to a loss of a benefit under, (i)
any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other
applicable constituent documents of any Seller or Foreign Subsidiary, (ii)
any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Contract by which any
Seller or Foreign Subsidiary is bound, (iii) any Law applicable to or binding
on any Seller or Foreign Subsidiary or any of the assets of any Seller or
Foreign Subsidiary, (b) affect the ability of KIAC to own, use, operate or
occupy (as the case may be) the Purchased Assets or the Miramar Facility in
substantially the same manner as the Purchased Assets and the Miramar
Facility are presently owned, used, operated or occupied by Sellers or the
Foreign Subsidiaries (or to    45   sell, lease or exchange the
Consigned Inventory) following the Closing or (c) accelerate or trigger any
right or obligation of any party under any Assumed Contract.   7.4 No Third
Party Options. Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 11 hereto, there are
no existing agreements, options or commitments (other than agreements entered
into, options granted or commitments undertaken by any Seller or Foreign
Subsidiary, in each case in the usual, regular and ordinary course of its
respective business and consistent with past practice) granting to any Person
the right to acquire any right, title or interest of any Seller or Foreign
Subsidiary, in or to any of the Purchased Assets, Consigned Inventory or
Miramar Leasehold or any interest therein.   7.5 Data. To Sellers\'
Knowledge, all Data (other than FAA maintenance records) are true and correct
in all material respects (it being understood and agreed that, for purposes
of this Section 7.5, Data shall be deemed not to be "true and correct in all
material respects" if any item or items of Data are untrue or incorrect in
any respect that (together with all other failures of one or more items of
Data to be true and correct in any respect) materially impairs the ability of
KIAC to own, operate, sell, lease, exchange, finance or otherwise use the
Purchased Assets or the Consigned Inventory) and are accurately extracted
from the books and records of Sellers. To Sellers\' Knowledge, all FAA
maintenance records are true and correct in all respects.   7.6 Consents
and Approvals. (a) The execution and delivery by Sellers of this Agreement
and the Collateral Agreements do not and will not require any Consent and (b)
the consummation by Sellers of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby will not require any Consent other than the Sale Procedures Order and
the Sale and Consignment Order and any Consent that may be required under the
HSR Act.   7.7 Permits; Compliance with Law. Schedule 12 hereto sets forth
a true, correct and complete list of all Permits of Sellers and
Foreign Subsidiaries. Sellers and Foreign Subsidiaries possess all Permits
necessary for the operation and ownership of the Purchased Assets and
Consigned Inventory and the occupancy and utilization in the manner currently
utilized by Sellers as the Miramar Facility, except where a failure to be in
possession of any Permit or Permits would not, individually or in the
aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All
Permits issued to Sellers and Foreign Subsidiaries are in full force and
effect, except where a failure of one or more Permits to be in effect would
not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. No outstanding violations are or have been recorded
in respect of any of the Permits. The use and operation by Sellers and
Foreign Subsidiaries of the Purchased Assets and Consigned Inventory, the
occupancy and utilization by Sellers of the Miramar Facility and the conduct
by Sellers and Foreign Subsidiaries of their respective businesses comply
with all Laws and the requirements and conditions of all Permits and all
rules, regulations, directives and policies of all Governmental Authorities
having jurisdiction over any of the Purchased Assets or Consigned Inventory
and the businesses conducted by Sellers and Foreign Subsidiaries.
No proceeding is pending or, to any Seller\'s Knowledge, threatened to
revoke, withdraw or limit any such Permit, and there is no fact, error or
admission relevant to any Permit    46   that would permit the
violation of or revocation, withdrawal or limitation or result in the
threatened violation of or revocation, withdrawal or limitation of any such
Permit.   7.8 Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule 8 to
this Agreement, there are no (a) judicial or administrative actions,
proceedings or investigations pending or, to any Seller\'s Knowledge,
threatened that question the validity of this Agreement or any action taken
or to be taken by any Seller in connection with this Agreement; (b) lawsuits,
claims, administrative or other proceedings or investigations relating to the
ownership or use of the Purchased Assets or Consigned Inventory or the
conduct by any Seller of its business or otherwise affecting the Purchased
Assets or Consigned Inventory pending, or, to any Seller\'s Knowledge,
threatened against any Seller; or (c) judgments, orders or decrees of any
Governmental Authority binding on any Seller that relate to the Purchased
Assets or Consigned Inventory or otherwise affect the Purchased Assets or
Consigned Inventory.   7.9 Title to and Condition and Adequacy of Assets.
Each Seller has, and at the Closing each Seller shall convey to KIAC, good,
valid and marketable title to the Purchased Assets (other than the Leased
FFandE;) to be sold by such Seller to KIAC under this Agreement free and clear
of all Liens (except for Permitted Liens). Prior to the Closing one or more
of the Sellers shall acquire, and at the Closing shall convey to KIAC, good,
valid and marketable title to the Leased FFandE;, free and clear of all Liens
(except for Permitted Liens). The inventory of Parts included in the
Purchased Assets and Foreign Assets is generally of the type, kind, quality
and mix that Sellers and the Foreign Subsidiaries have in the past acquired,
and has generally been maintained by Sellers and the Foreign Subsidiaries in
the manner and to the extent that Sellers and the Foreign Subsidiaries have
in the past maintained their inventory of similar Parts, in the ordinary
course of their business, taken as a whole. The Purchased Assets, Consigned
Inventory and Miramar Leasehold include all of the assets, of any and every
nature whatsoever, currently utilized by Sellers and the Foreign Subsidiaries
in, or necessary for, the operation of every business currently conducted by
any Seller or Foreign Subsidiary.   7.10 Assumed Contracts. The Assumed
Contracts are valid and enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject
to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium, and similar laws
affecting creditors\' rights and remedies generally and subject, as to
enforceability, to general principles of equity. None of the Sellers is, and
to Sellers\' Knowledge, no other party thereto is, in material default in the
performance, observance or fulfillment of any obligation under any Assumed
Contract (other than payments or amounts due thereunder, which shall be paid
or discharged by one or more Sellers at or prior to the Closing), and, to
Sellers\' Knowledge, no event has occurred which, with or without the giving
of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a material default
thereunder. Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 9 hereto, none of the
Assumed Contracts requires the Consent of any party to its assignment (or
prohibits assignment). True and complete copies of all Assumed Contracts
(including any amendments thereto) have been delivered to KIAC.    47   
7.11 Engines.   (a) Schedule 1 hereto sets forth a true, correct
and complete list of all Engines owned or leased by any Seller or
Foreign Subsidiary, including a description of the type and engine number of
each such Engine.   (b) The Engines included in the Purchased Assets
are generally of the type, kind, quality and mix that Sellers and the
Foreign Subsidiaries have in the past acquired, and have generally been
maintained by Sellers and the Foreign Subsidiaries in the manner and to the
extent that Sellers and the Foreign Subsidiaries have in the past maintained
their inventory of similar Engines, in the ordinary course of their business,
taken as a whole.   (c) Sellers and the Foreign Subsidiaries have
maintained or caused to be maintained in the ordinary course of their
business, taken as a whole, all Records, logs and other materials and records
required to be maintained in respect of such Engines by the FAA and any other
applicable Governmental Authority.   7.12 Insurance. Sellers and the
Foreign Subsidiaries have in place insurance policies with respect to the
Purchased Assets and the Consigned Inventory, in amounts and types that are
customary in the industry for similar assets, and all such policies are, and
have been (without interruption), in full force and effect.   7.13
Environmental Matters.   (a) Each Seller has complied with, and the
Purchased Assets, the Consigned Inventory and Miramar Facility have been and
currently are held, occupied or otherwise utilized in compliance with, all
applicable Environmental Laws, except to the extent that any and all failures
to be in such compliance would not, in the aggregate, constitute or result in
a Material Adverse Effect.   (b) There is no (i) Environmental Claim
relating to the ownership, lease, possession, occupancy or other utilization
of any of the Purchased Assets, the Consigned Inventory or the Miramar
Facility pending (or, to the Knowledge of any Seller, threatened) against any
Seller or (ii) basis for the assertion of any such Environmental Claim
against any Seller, which (in all such cases taken as a whole) would, if
adversely resolved, result in or constitute a Material Adverse Effect.  
7.14 Taxes.   (a) All Tax Returns that were required to be filed by or on
behalf of any Seller on or before the date of this Agreement were, and
all Tax Returns that shall be required to be filed by or on behalf of any
Seller during the period from the date hereof through and including Closing
Date shall be, duly filed on a timely basis. All Taxes due with respect to
any taxable period or partial taxable period of each Seller ending on or
before the Closing Date have been or shall be timely paid or withheld and no
claim for assessment or collection of Taxes has been asserted against any
Seller. No Seller has    48   executed or filed with the Internal
Revenue Service or any other taxing authority any agreement extending the
period for filing any Tax Return.   (b) Each Seller has withheld and paid
all Taxes required to be withheld in connection with any amounts paid or
owing to any employee, creditor, independent contractor or other third
party.   (c) No Seller is a foreign person within the meaning of Section
1445 of the Code.   (d) None of the Purchased Assets is (i) "tax-exempt
use property" within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code, (ii) "tax-
exempt bond-financed property" within the meaning of Section 168(g) of the
Code, (iii) "limited use property" within the meaning of Revenue Procedure
76-30, (iv) subject to Section 168(g)(i)(A) of the Code or (v) property that
is or shall be required to be treated as being owned by any Person (other
than a Seller) pursuant to the provisions of Section 168(f)(8) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended, and in effect immediately before
the enactment of the Tax Reform Act of 1986.   (e) There is no Contract,
agreement, plan or arrangement covering any Person that, individually or
collectively, could give rise to the payment of any amount that would not be
deductible by any of the Sellers, KIAC or their respective Affiliates by
reason of Section 280G of the Code.   7.15 Labor Matters. Except as
otherwise set forth in Schedule 14 hereto;   (a) No Seller is a party to
any collective bargaining agreement (including any side letter, supplemental
agreement or memorandum of understanding) covering any employees of any
Seller.   (b) There are no controversies pending or, to the Knowledge of
Sellers, threatened, or which any Seller reasonably believes will be more
likely than not to occur, between Seller and any of its employees,
which controversies have or could have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) To
the Knowledge of Sellers, there is no petition pending before the National
Mediation Board seeking certification or any change in certification of a
labor representative with respect to any employee of any Seller.   (d)
There is no strike, slowdown, work stoppage, labor action or lockout, or, to
the Knowledge of Sellers, threat thereof, by or with respect to any employee
of any Seller.   (e) To the Knowledge of Sellers, there is no unfair
labor practice or analogous complaint or claim against any Seller pending
before the National Mediation Board or any similar board or agency or before
any court of competent jurisdiction or any other forum.    49    7.16
Employee Matters.   (a) Schedule 15 hereto sets forth a true, correct
and complete list of all the current employees of each Seller, their
current respective positions or job classifications and their current
respective wage scales or salaries, as the case may be, as of the date of
this Agreement. Each Seller is in compliance in all material respects with
all applicable Laws respecting employment and employment practices, terms and
conditions of employment and wages and hours.   (b) Schedule 16 hereto also
sets forth a true, correct and complete list and brief description of each
"employee pension benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA),
"employee welfare benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA), stock
option, stock purchase, deferred compensation plan or arrangement, and other
material employee fringe benefit plan or arrangement maintained, contributed
to or required to be maintained or contributed to by any Seller for the
benefit of any present or former employees of any Seller or their
beneficiaries (all the foregoing herein called "Benefit Plans"). Sellers have
delivered to KIAC true, complete, and correct copies of (1) each Benefit Plan
(or, in the case of any unwritten Benefit Plans, descriptions thereof) and
(2) the most recent summary plan description for each Benefit Plan (if any
such description was required).   (c) Each Seller complies in all material
respects with the applicable requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the Code
with respect to each Benefit Plan that is a group health plan, as such term
is defined in Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code.   (d) As of the Closing Date,
each Seller shall have paid all contributions which, subject to any
applicable provision or provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, are due and
required by the Benefit Plans sponsored by Seller in accordance with the
terms of such Benefit Plans and all applicable Laws.   7.17 Intellectual
Property. Schedule 5 hereto contains an accurate and complete list of all
Intellectual Property owned or used by Sellers and the Foreign Subsidiaries.
Except as set forth in Schedule 5 hereto, Sellers own the entire right, title
and interest in and to the Intellectual Property (including, without
limitation, the right to use and license the same). Except as set forth in
Schedule 5 hereto, there are no pending or (to the Knowledge of
Sellers) threatened actions, claims or proceedings of any nature affecting or
relating to the Intellectual Property, which, if adversely resolved, would,
individually or in the aggregate, result in or constitute a Material Adverse
Effect. Schedule 5 hereto lists all notices or claims currently pending or
received by any Seller or Foreign Subsidiary that claim infringement of any
domestic or foreign letters patent, patent applications, patent licenses,
software licenses and know-how licenses, trade names, trademark registrations
and applications, service marks, copyrights, copyright registrations or
applications, trade secrets, technical knowledge, know-how or other
confidential proprietary information. Except as set forth in Schedule 5
hereto, there is, to the Knowledge of Sellers, no reasonable basis upon which
any claim may be asserted against any Seller or Foreign Subsidiary for
infringement or misappropriation of any domestic or foreign letters patent,
patents, patent applications, patent licenses, software   
50   licenses, and know-how licenses, trade names, trademark registrations
and applications, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, copyright
registrations or applications, trade secrets, technical knowledge, know-how
or other confidential proprietary information, which, if adversely resolved,
would, individually or in the aggregate, result in or constitute a Material
Adverse Effect. All letters patent, registrations and certificates issued by
any Governmental Authority relating to any of the Intellectual Property and
all licenses and other agreements pursuant to which any Seller uses any of
the Intellectual Property are valid and subsisting, have been properly
maintained and neither any Seller or Foreign Subsidiary, nor to the Knowledge
of Sellers, any other Person, is in default or violation thereunder.   7.18
The Miramar Facility.   (a) Except for the real property listed as described
in hereto, the Miramar Facility is the only real property of any nature
whatsoever which is leased by any Seller. The Seller which is the lessee
under the Miramar Lease has a valid leasehold interest in the Miramar
Facility.   (b) All components of all improvements included within the
Miramar Facility, including, without limitation, the roofs and
structural elements thereof and the heating, ventilation, air conditioning,
plumbing, electrical, mechanical, sewer, waste water, storm water, paving and
parking equipment, systems and facilities included therein (collectively,
the "Improvements"), to the extent required to be maintained, repaired or
replaced under the Miramar Lease, are (or, to the extent not so required to
be maintained, repaired or replaced, to Sellers\' Knowledge, are), in each
case, in good working order and repair (ordinary wear and tear excepted). All
water, gas, electrical, steam, compressed air, telecommunication, sanitary
and storm sewage lines and systems and other similar systems currently
serving the Miramar Facility are installed and operating and are sufficient
to enable the Miramar Facility to continue to be used and operated in the
manner currently being used and operated, and no Seller has any Knowledge of
any factor or condition that could result in the termination or material
impairment of the furnishing thereof. No Improvement or portion thereof is
dependent for its access, operation or utility on any land, building or other
Improvement that is not included in the Miramar Facility or available for use
pursuant to a valid, binding and enforceable easement agreement or other
contractual right in favor of any Seller.   (c) All Permits required to
have been issued to any Seller to enable the Miramar Facility to be lawfully
occupied and used for all of the purposes for which it is currently occupied
and used by Sellers have been lawfully issued and are in full force and
effect. No Seller has received any notice, or has any Knowledge, of any
pending, threatened or contemplated condemnation proceeding affecting the
Miramar Facility or any part thereof or any proposed termination or
impairment of any parking at the Miramar Facility or of any sale or other
disposition of the Miramar Facility or any part thereof in lieu of
condemnation.    51    (d) No portion of the Miramar Facility has
suffered any material damage by fire or other casualty loss which has not
heretofore been completely repaired and restored to its original
condition.   (e) Except as set forth in Schedule 17 hereto:   (i) no
structure included within the Miramar  Facility fails to conform in any
material respect with applicable  ordinances, regulations, zoning laws and
restrictive covenants nor  encroaches upon real property of others, nor is
any portion of the  Miramar Facility encroached upon by structures of others
in any case in  any manner that would have or would be reasonably likely to
have a  Material Adverse Effect;   (ii) no charges or violations have been
filed,  served, made or threatened against any Seller, or, to the Knowledge
of  Sellers, any other Person, against or relating to any such property or 
structure on or any of the operations conducted at the Miramar  Facility, as
a result of any violation or alleged violation of any  applicable ordinances,
requirements, regulations, zoning laws or  restrictive covenants or as a
result of any encroachment on the  property of others where the effect of
same would have or would be  reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect;   (iii) other than pursuant to applicable Laws,  rules, regulations
or ordinances, covenants that run with the land or  provisions in any
agreement listed in Schedule 17 hereto, there exists  no restriction on (A)
the use of any portion of the Miramar Facility,  (B) the assignment of the
Miramar Lease or (C) the sublease of the  Miramar Lease;   (iv) Sellers
have adequate permanent rights of  ingress to and egress from all property
used by any of them for the  operations conducted thereon; and   (v) there
are no developments affecting any  portion of the Miramar Facility or
interests of any Seller therein  pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers,
threatened which might  reasonably be expected to curtail or interfere in any
material respect  with the use of any portion of the Miramar Facility for the
purposes  for which it is now used.   7.19 Certain Payments. To the
Knowledge of Sellers, no Seller or Affiliate, predecessor or assign of any
Seller or any of its or their respective current or former subsidiaries,
directors, officers, employees, agents or independent contractors has,
directly or indirectly, used any corporate funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment, or other unlawful expenses relating to political
activity; made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government
officials or employees or to foreign or domestic political parties
or campaigns from corporate funds; violated any provision of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; or made any bribe, rebate, payoff,
influence payment, kickback, or other unlawful payment.    52    7.20
Disclosure. No representation or warranty of any Seller contained herein, and
no statement contained in any document or other instrument to be furnished by
any Seller to KIAC in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby,
contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or
will omit to state a material fact necessary to make the representation,
warranty or statement so made not misleading.   7.21 Survival. None of the
representations or warranties by Sellers in this Agreement (other than those
made by Sellers in the first two sentences of Section 7.9 of this Agreement
or in Article VI hereof) shall survive the Closing.   ARTICLE VIII  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF KIAC   KIAC hereby makes the following
representations and warranties to Seller, each of which shall be true and
correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except
to the extent expressly relating to a specific date, in which event it shall
be true and correct as of such date) and shall be unaffected by any
investigation heretofore or hereafter made. It is expressly acknowledged and
agreed that KIAC is making no representation or warranty whatsoever,
expressed or implied, except as explicitly set forth in this Article VII
hereof or in any other provision of this Agreement, or in any written
Agreement, document or instrument executed and delivered by KIAC
in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby
or thereby.   8.1 Corporate Organization. KIAC is a corporation, duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease
or otherwise hold its properties and assets and to carry on its business as
presently conducted. KIAC is a "U.S. Citizen" within the meaning of the
Federal Aviation Act.   8.2 Authorization and Effect of Agreement. KIAC has
the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and the Collateral Agreements and to perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery by KIAC of this
Agreement and the performance by it of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
KIAC. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by KIAC and
constitutes a valid and binding agreement of KIAC, enforceable against KIAC
in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors\' rights and
remedies generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles
of equity. Each of the Collateral Agreements to which KIAC will be a party,
when executed and delivered by KIAC, will constitute a valid and binding
agreement of KIAC, enforceable against KIAC in accordance with its terms,
subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium, and
similar laws affecting creditors\' rights and remedies generally and subject,
as to enforceability, to general principles of equity.   8.3 No Conflicts.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements by
KIAC does not or will not (as applicable), and the performance   
53   by KIAC of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Collateral Agreements will not, conflict with, or result in any violation of,
or constitute a default under (a) any provision of the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of KIAC, (b) any of the terms, conditions, or
provisions of any material agreement or other material document by which KIAC
is bound, or (c) any Law or order applicable to or binding on KIAC. Except
for the confirmation of the Chapter 11 Plan and the expiration of the waiting
period under the HSR Act, no Consent is required to be obtained, made or
given (whether pursuant to applicable Law, contract or otherwise) in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by KIAC or the
performance by KIAC of the transactions contemplated hereby.   8.4
Litigation. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no judicial or
administrative actions, proceedings or investigations pending or, to KIAC\'s
Knowledge, threatened that question the validity of this Agreement or
any action taken or to be taken by KIAC in connection with this
Agreement.   8.5 Survival. None of the representations or warranties by
KIAC (other than those set forth in Article VI hereof) shall survive the
Closing.   ARTICLE IX   PRE-CLOSING COVENANTS   9.1 Access. Prior to the
Closing and upon reasonable notice from KIAC, Sellers shall afford to the
officers, attorneys, accountants or other authorized representatives of KIAC
reasonable access during normal business hours to the employees of each
Seller, the Purchased Assets, the Consigned Inventory, the Miramar Facility
and the other facilities of any Seller and the books and records of any
Seller relating to the Purchased Assets, the Consigned Inventory then owned
and in the possession or custody of, and/or operated by, any Seller and the
Miramar Facility so as to afford KIAC full opportunity to make such review,
examination and investigation of the Purchased Assets, Consigned Inventory
and the Miramar Facility as KIAC determines to be reasonably necessary in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
KIAC shall be permitted to make extracts from or to make copies of such books
and records as may be reasonably necessary in connection therewith. Prior to
the Closing, Seller shall promptly furnish KIAC with access to
such maintenance records, operating data and other information then owned and
in the possession or custody of, and/or operated by, any Seller as KIAC may
reasonably request. Each Seller shall promptly deliver to KIAC copies of all
pleadings, motions, notices, statements, schedules, applications, reports and
other papers filed by such Seller in its Chapter 11 Case; provided, however,
that KIAC and/or its counsel shall enter an appearance in each Chapter 11
Case and no Seller shall be required to deliver to KIAC any document or
material received by KIAC or its counsel as a result of any such entry. Each
Seller shall promptly provide to KIAC all documents and materials relating to
any proposed sale, of the Purchased Assets, Consigned Inventory or Assumed
Contracts or any portion thereof, including, without limitation, with respect
to competing bids, and otherwise cooperate with KIAC, to the extent
reasonably necessary in connection with KIAC\'s preparation for   
54   or participation in any part of any Chapter 11 Case in which
KIAC\'s participation is necessary, required or reasonably appropriate. Each
Seller shall promptly deliver to KIAC all pleadings, motions, notices,
statements, schedules, applications, reports and other papers filed in any
other judicial or administrative proceeding as KIAC may reasonably request.
In addition, each Seller shall consult with KIAC with respect to any written
or oral communication concerning, in whole or in part, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of this
Section 9.1 hereof, if requested by KIAC, each Seller shall provide access to
the Purchased Assets, the Consigned Inventory and the Miramar Facility to
KIAC and its representatives and agents for purposes of conducting
nonintrusive environmental assessments, including Phase I analyses.   9.2
Conduct of Business. Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement
(including, without limitation, by Section 9.11(a) hereof), or as otherwise
consented to by KIAC in writing, during the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the Closing, each Seller shall:   (a) (i)
conduct its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course as presently
conducted and consistent with past practice, subject to and with due regard
given to the requirements imposed upon Sellers by the Bankruptcy Code and in
accordance with the DIP Financing Agreement, (ii) without limiting the
generality of the covenant set forth in clause (i) of this Section 9.2(a)
hereof, continue to lease, exchange and sell inventory in the usual, regular
and ordinary course of business as presently conducted and consistent with
the past practice including, but not limited to, the type, quantity, quality
and terms of sale, lease or exchange, and continue to purchase inventory that
is consistent with the type, quality, mix and price of the inventory listed
or described in Schedule 2 hereto; provided, however, that prior to its
purchase of (A) any individual item of inventory having a purchase price
greater than $50,000 or (B) any individual lot of inventory having a purchase
price greater than $250,000, it shall obtain the prior written consent of
KIAC (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) and (iii) except as
otherwise contemplated by clause (ii) of this Section 9.2(a) hereof,
safeguard and manage the Purchased Assets in a manner consistent with past
practice and, with respect to items of inventory included in the Purchased
Assets, keep such items and Consigned Inventory intact and maintained in at
least as good a condition as their current condition (reasonable wear and
tear excepted);   (b) use its reasonable best efforts to cause each of
the conditions set forth in Section 5.5 of this Agreement to be satisfied;
and   (c) in connection with its Chapter 11 Case, refrain from rejecting or
amending any Assumed Contracts unless KIAC consents in writing to such
action.   9.3 Accounts Receivable.   (a) Set forth in Schedule 18 hereto
is a list of all accounts receivable of Sellers as of the date of this
Agreement, and, with respect to each, the obligor, the obligee and the amount
thereof. All of the Purchased Accounts Receivable are valid and   
55   enforceable (subject to potential offsets, returns, defenses and
warranty claims which arise in the ordinary course of business) accounts
receivable of Sellers that have arisen from bona fide transactions in the
regular, usual and ordinary course of Sellers\' respective businesses as
presently conducted and consistent with past practice; provided, however,
that no representation or warranty is made by any Seller as to the
collectibility of any Purchased Accounts Receivable. All accounts receivable
arising after the date of this Agreement shall arise from bona fide
transactions in the regular, usual and ordinary course of business as
presently conducted by Sellers consistent with past practice.   (b) KIAC
and Sellers each agree that (i) KIAC Lender shall have a Lien on the
Purchased Accounts Receivable to secure KIAC\'s obligations under the KIAC
Credit Agreement (the "KIAC Lender Lien") and (ii) Agent shall have a Lien on
all outstanding Purchased Accounts Receivable to secure the aggregate
payments due Seller under Section 10.2(d) hereof (the "Agent\'s Lien"). On
the Closing Date, Agent, Sellers, KIAC and KIAC Lender shall enter into a
mutually acceptable intercreditor and sharing agreement (the "Intercreditor
and Sharing Agreement") establishing the relative rights and priorities of
Agent and KIAC Lender in respect of the Purchased Accounts Receivable. The
Intercreditor and Sharing Agreement will provide that the KIAC Lender Lien
and Agent\'s Lien shall be pari passu in priority with respect to
the Purchased Accounts Receivable and that the proceeds of all Purchased
Accounts Receivable will be applied and distributed in accordance with the
terms of Section 10.2(d) hereof irrespective of the priority of the KIAC
Lender Lien or the Agent\'s Lien thereon. The Intercreditor and Sharing
Agreement shall contain mutually acceptable provisions concerning application
of payments from the same account debtor and application of offsets and
contra accounts to the specific accounts giving rise to such claims. The
Intercreditor and Sharing Agreement shall also contain limitations with
respect to the right of the KIAC Lender and Agent to foreclose or otherwise
enforce their respective Lien rights in respect of the Purchased Accounts
Receivable without the written consent of the other except in the case of
garnishment, attachment, bankruptcy or other events to be agreed upon by KIAC
Lender and Agent. The parties to the Intercreditor and Sharing Agreement
shall agree that all proceeds of the Purchased Account Receivable will be
directed into a lockbox and special deposit account at Bank of America in the
name of KIAC (the "Purchased A/R Lockbox and Account"). KIAC shall cause all
available funds in the Purchased A/R Lockbox and Account to be distributed in
accordance with Section 10.2(d) hereof. In addition, the KIAC Lender shall,
as collateral agent for itself and the Agent, enter into a control agreement
with KIAC and Bank of America to grant KIAC Lender a Lien upon the Purchased
A/R Lockbox and Account in its capacity as collateral agent to further secure
the obligations owing by KIAC to KIAC Lender and the Agent. The liabilities
of KIAC Lender to Bank of America under the agreements establishing the
Purchased A/R Lockbox and Account for uncollectible or returned
items (collectively, "Returned Checks") shall be limited to only that portion
of the funds derived from such Returned Checks which were distributed to KIAC
Lender. Similar liability limitations shall apply to KIAC for proceeds of
Returned Checks distributed in respect of KIAC. Upon the payment by KIAC of
all amounts payable to Sellers or their respective successors and assigns
pursuant to Section 10.2(d) hereof, the Agent\'s Lien and related rights in
respect of the Purchased Accounts Receivable shall terminate.    56   
(c) At all times from the date of this Agreement through the time of the
Closing, Sellers shall, and shall cause all of their respective employees,
agents and independent contractors, to:   (i) act with respect to all of the
Purchased  Accounts Receivable in compliance with all applicable Laws and in
a  manner consistent, in all material respects, with commercially 
reasonable and generally accepted business practices; and   (ii) refrain
from taking any action, of any  nature whatsoever, with respect to any of the
Purchased Accounts  Receivable other than in the ordinary course of its
business  (including, but not limited to, forgiving, releasing,
discharging,  offsetting or otherwise compromising any Purchased Accounts
Receivable  in an individual amount in excess of $100,000 or in an aggregate
amount  in excess of $250,000), unless otherwise authorized by the
Bankruptcy  Court.   9.4 Notification of Litigation. Sellers shall notify
KIAC, and KIAC shall notify Sellers, of any litigation, arbitration or
administrative proceeding pending or, to their Knowledge, threatened against
any Seller or KIAC, as the case may be, which challenges or would reasonably
be likely to materially affect the transactions contemplated hereby.   9.5
Notification of Changes. Sellers shall provide prompt written notice to KIAC
of any change in any of the information contained in the representations and
warranties made by any Seller in Article VII or Section 9.3(a) hereof or any
exhibits or schedules referred to herein or attached hereto and promptly
furnish any information which KIAC may reasonably request in relation to such
change; provided, however, that no such notice shall operate to cure any
breach of the representations and warranties made by any Seller in Article VI
or Section 9.3(a) hereof or any exhibits or schedules referred to herein or
attached hereto. If the aggregate of all changes set forth in all
such notices from Sellers to KIAC shall result in a Material Reduction in
Value, KIAC shall have the right, within 30 days of receipt of the notice
which causes such result to occur, to terminate this Agreement.   9.6 No
Inconsistent Action. Neither KIAC nor any Seller shall take any action which
is materially inconsistent with its obligations under this Agreement.   9.7
Filings. Each party shall use its best efforts to obtain, and to cooperate
with the other party in obtaining, all authorizations, consents, orders and
approvals of any Governmental Authority that may be or become necessary in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and to take all reasonable actions to avoid the entry of any order
or decree by any Governmental Authority prohibiting the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, [including without limitation,
the notifications required to be filed by it under the HSR Act,] and shall
furnish to the other all such information in its possession as may be
necessary for the completion of the notifications to be filed by the other;
provided that, in    57   complying with this Section 9.7 hereof,
neither KIAC nor any Seller shall be required to accept or become subject to
any condition or requirement unacceptable to such party in its sole
discretion. No party shall withdraw any such filing or submission prior to
the termination of this Agreement without the written consent of the other
party. KIAC shall pay any filing fee required to be paid in connection with
any regulatory filings (including, without limitation, under the HSR
Act).   9.8 Best Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions
herein provided, each of the parties hereto agrees to use its best efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all action, and to do, or cause to be done as
promptly as practicable, all things necessary under applicable Laws and
regulations to consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
the prompt preparation by Sellers of all pleadings, motions, notices,
statements, schedules, applications, reports and other papers reasonably
necessary in connection with the Chapter 11 Cases.   9.9 [INTENTIONALLY
OMITTED]   9.10 Publicity. The parties hereto shall consult with each
other and shall mutually agree (the agreement of each party not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) upon the content and timing of any press
release or other public statements with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and shall not issue any such press release or
make any such public statement prior to such consultation and agreement,
except as may be required by applicable Law or by obligations pursuant to any
listing agreement with any securities exchange or any stock exchange
regulations as advised by counsel; provided, however, that each party shall
give prior notice to the other parties of the content and timing of any such
press release or other public statement required by applicable Law or by
obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any securities exchange or
any stock exchange regulations.   9.11 Bankruptcy Court Approval.   (a)
Promptly following the execution and delivery of this Agreement by each
Seller and KIAC, each Seller shall (in each case, in accordance with all
applicable requirements of, and procedures under, the Bankruptcy Code) (i)
file with the Bankruptcy Court a petition under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code, thereby commencing its Chapter 11 Case, (ii) use its best efforts to
assume, and to assign to KIAC at the Closing, each of the Assumed Contracts
to which it is a party, (iii) file with the Bankruptcy Court motions,
satisfactory in form and substance to KIAC, seeking approval of the Sale
Procedures Order and the Sale and Consignment Order and thereafter use
its best efforts to cause each of such orders to be issued, entered and a
become Final Order, and (iv) serve a copy of the notice of motion of entry of
the Sale Procedures Order (along with a copy of the proposed Sale Procedures
Order) upon each jurisdiction in which it is subject to Tax at least 30 days
prior to the hearing of the motions with respect to the Sale Procedures
Order. Seller will serve a copy of the notice of motion of entry of the Sale
and Consignment Order at least 30 days prior to the hearing to approve such
order.    58    (b) Sellers shall cooperate reasonably with KIAC and
its representatives in connection with the Sale Procedures Order, the Sale
and Consignment Order and the bankruptcy proceedings in connection therewith.
Such cooperation shall include, but not be limited to, consulting with KIAC
at KIAC\'s reasonable request concerning the status of such proceedings and
providing KIAC with copies of requested pleadings, notices, proposed orders
and other documents relating to such proceedings as soon as reasonably
practicable promptly after any submission thereof to the Bankruptcy
Court.   (c) Prior to entry of the Sale and Consignment Order, Sellers and
KIAC shall accurately inform the Bankruptcy Court of all material facts of
which they are aware relating to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (d) If following the Closing, the Sale
Procedures Order, the Sale and Consignment Order or any other order of the
Bankruptcy Court relating to this Agreement shall be appealed by any Person
(or a petition for certiorari or motion for rehearing or reargument shall be
filed with respect thereto), Sellers shall take all steps as may be
reasonable and appropriate to defend against such appeal, petition or motion,
and KIAC agrees to cooperate in such efforts, and each party hereto agrees to
use its best efforts to obtain an expedited resolution of such appeal.  
9.12 Specific Enforcement of Covenants. Each Seller acknowledges that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the covenants
and agreements of any Seller set forth in this Article IX hereof or in any
other part of this Agreement were not timely performed in accordance with
their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed
that KIAC shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or
cure any breach of such covenants and agreements of Seller and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions thereof, this being in addition to any
other remedy to which it may be entitled at law or in equity, it being
understood that, after commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases, the Bankruptcy
Court shall have exclusive jurisdiction over such matters; provided, however,
that in the event the Bankruptcy Court abstains from exercising or declines
to exercise jurisdiction with respect to any matter provided for in this
sentence or is without jurisdiction, such abstention, refusal or lack of
jurisdiction shall have no effect upon and shall not control, prohibit or
limit the exercise of jurisdiction of any other court having competent
jurisdiction with respect to any such matter.   9.13 Other Agreements.
After the date of this Agreement, should any Seller enter into any Contract
(other than the DIP Financing Agreement), other than in the usual, regular
and ordinary course of its business and consistent with past practice, such
Seller shall (i) immediately deliver written notice to KIAC of the occurrence
of such event and provide KIAC with all the information about such Contract
as KIAC may reasonably request and (ii) if notified in writing by KIAC prior
to Closing, assign (to the extent assignable) to KIAC such Contract (other
than the DIP Financing Agreement) in the manner and on the terms and
conditions as if it were an Assumed Contract under this Agreement.   
59    9.14 Filing Under HSR Act. KIAC shall, at its own expense and
not later than the time that the Sale Procedures Order becomes a Final Order,
make all HSR Act filings as it deems appropriate; provided, however, that
KIAC shall have no obligation to make any such filing unless Sellers shall,
on a timely basis, have provided KIAC with all of the information which KIAC
may reasonably request in connection with such filing.   9.15 Purchases
from KAV. At no time from and after the date hereof through and including the
Closing Date shall any Seller, directly or indirectly, purchase any asset of
any nature whatsoever from KAV without the prior written consent of KIAC,
unless such Seller shall pay the entire purchase price for such asset, in
cash, at or prior to the time of such purchase by such Seller.   ARTICLE
X   POST-CLOSING COVENANTS   10.1 Right of Subrogation. Each Seller shall
cooperate with KIAC, at KIAC\'s expense, in connection with any action or
proceeding by KIAC (whether or not in the name of any Seller) to enforce
after Closing any right of subrogation to which KIAC might be entitled under
any Assumed Contract.   10.2 Collection of Purchased Accounts
Receivable.   (a) From and after the time of the Closing, KIAC shall, and
shall cause all of its employees, agents and independent contractors to,
use commercially reasonable and diligent efforts to collect the Purchased
Accounts Receivable in compliance with all applicable Laws, it being
expressly understood and agreed that, except as otherwise provided in Section
10.2(b)(iv), (v) and (vii) and (c) hereof, KIAC may, in such manner as KIAC,
in its sole discretion, deems reasonable and prudent compromise, settle or
otherwise dispose of any Purchased Account Receivable the existence, amount
or other terms of which is disputed by the account debtor.   (b) KIAC
shall:   (i) maintain a segregated accounts receivable  list for the
Purchased Accounts Receivable, excluding therefrom all  accounts receivable
of any nature whatsoever other than Purchased  Accounts Receivable
(including, without limitation, any accounts  receivable created by the sale
of any Consigned Inventory);   (ii) provide Sellers, on a monthly basis,
with:   (A) a report detailing, on a  customer-by-customer basis,
collections and credits since the  previous calendar month-end; and   (B) a
detailed receivables aging,  reconciled to reflect the opening balance from
the previous  month end, less collections, less allowed credits and the 
closing month-end aging;    60    (iii) provide Sellers and Agent access
to examine  supporting documents including customer remittance vouchers,
cash  receipts journal, sales journal, bank statements, and other 
documentation in support of the Purchased Accounts Receivable and  accounts
receivable created by the sale of Consigned Inventory;   (iv) with respect
to the Purchased Accounts  Receivable that (A) have not been collected within
60 calendar days  following the Closing Date and are owed by account obligors
with whom  KIAC is not then currently doing business, Agent (on behalf of
the  Senior Lenders) shall have the option to require KIAC to submit such 
accounts to a third party collection agency or attorney at Agent\'s sole 
discretion and (B) have not been collected within 90 days following the 
Closing Date, Agent (on behalf of the Senior Lenders) shall have the  option
to require KIAC to assign such accounts to a third party  collection agent or
attorney at Agent\'s sole discretion, in each case,  all costs of collection
incurred as a result of the Agent\'s exercise of  an option pursuant to this
Section 10.2(b)(iv) hereof shall be borne by  the Senior Lenders;   (v) not
permit any offset, contra or other  deduction arising from a liability or
obligation at any time owed by  KIAC to be applied to a Purchased Account
Receivable;   (vi) permit Agent (on behalf of the Senior  Lenders), on a
monthly basis, to confirm directly with customers up to  25% of the total
outstanding Purchased Accounts Receivable, and assist  in any such effort and
provide detailed statements of account;   (vii) not be entitled to issue
credit notes,  offset balances, approve debit notes, apply volume rebates
or  discounts, or write off account balances (each, a "Credit") in excess 
of the lesser of (A) 10% of the balance of such account and (B) $10,000 
without Agent\'s prior approval; and  Payments of accounts receivable are to
be applied to the invoice in respect of which each payment is made; provided,
however, that, if KIAC is unable to make such application because the
customer does not provide sufficient detail on its remittance, such payment
shall be applied to the outstanding Purchased Accounts Receivable of such
customer (on an "oldest first" basis), and any payments in excess of the
outstanding amount of such outstanding Purchased Accounts Receivable shall be
applied to other accounts receivable owed by such customer (on an "oldest
first" basis).   (c) In the event that in any calendar month KIAC
shall have collected in respect of all Purchased Accounts Receivable paid
(or otherwise deemed forgiven, released, discharged or satisfied) in full
during such month an amount equal to less than 90% of the face amount (net of
all reserves, offsets, write-downs taken by any Seller and "contras") of all
such paid, forgiven, released, discharged or satisfied Purchased Accounts
Receivable, KIAC shall not thereafter compromise, settle or otherwise dispose
of Purchased Accounts Receivable in an aggregate face amount in excess of
$1,000 per    61   invoice without the prior written consent of Sellers
(which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), unless and until there
shall have subsequently occurred a calendar month in which KIAC shall have
collected in respect of all Purchased Accounts Receivable paid (or otherwise
deemed forgiven, released, discharged or satisfied) in full during such month
an amount equal to not less than 90% of the face amount (net of all reserves,
offsets, write-downs taken by Sellers and "contras") of all such paid,
forgiven, released, discharged or satisfied Purchased Accounts
Receivable.   (d) All proceeds collected or otherwise received, at any time
from and after the Closing, with respect to the Purchased Accounts Receivable
existing and owned by Sellers at the time of the Closing, net of all out-of-
pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with such collection
or receipt, shall be distributed of as follows:   (i) the first $15 million
of such net proceeds  shall be retained by and be the property of KIAC;  
(ii) fifty percent of the next $10 million of  such net proceeds shall also
be retained by and be the property of KIAC  and the other fifty percent of
such next $10 million shall be paid over  to and be the property of Sellers,
or their assignees; and   (iii) thirty percent of all such net proceeds in 
excess of $25 million shall also be retained by and be the property of  KIAC
and the other seventy percent of such excess net proceeds shall be  paid over
to and be the property of Seller or their assignees.  All proceeds payable
to Sellers shall be paid to them by KIAC within five Business Days following
receipt thereof by KIAC.   10.3 Post-Closing Assignments. After the Closing
Date and upon the discovery by any Seller of any items included within the
definition of Purchased Assets or Assumed Contracts but not transferred,
conveyed or assigned to or assumed by KIAC in the Bill of Sale, the
Assumption Agreement or any other applicable instrument of conveyance,
Sellers shall (i) immediately deliver written notice to KIAC of the existence
and non-transfer or non-assumption of such item and provide KIAC with all the
information about and with access to such item as KIAC may reasonably request
and (ii) if notified in writing by KIAC within 30 days after the receipt of
such notice, transfer, convey or assign to KIAC such item in the manner and
on the terms and conditions as the earlier transferred Purchased Assets or
Assumed Contracts, as applicable, under this Agreement were transferred.  
10.4 Post-Closing Retention of Records. For a period of not less than six
years after the Closing Date, KIAC shall preserve and retain all books and
records received from Sellers pertaining to the Purchased Assets;
provided, however, such six-year period shall be extended in the event that
any proceeding has been commenced or is pending or threatened at the
expiration of such six-year period and such extension shall continue until
any such proceeding has been settled or resolved with finality or is no
longer    62   pending or threatened. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
KIAC may at any time after three years from the Closing Date discard or
destroy any of such books and records; provided, that it has given Sellers at
least 60 days prior written notice of KIAC\'s intent to discard or destroy
such books and records and has given Sellers the opportunity to take
possession of any or all of such books and records within such sixty-day
period. Purchaser shall afford each Seller and its representatives reasonable
access during normal business hours to, and the right to make copies of, all
such books and records, for any legitimate business purpose (including,
without limitation, in connection with the preparation, documentation and/or
handling of any financial statements, tax returns, tax audits, reports to
governmental or regulatory agencies, litigation, disputes, claims or
controversies); provided, however, that any such access shall be arrange so
as not to unreasonably disrupt the operations of KIAC and its Affiliates.  
10.5 Further Assurances. From time to time following the Closing, each Seller
shall (and shall cause each Foreign Subsidiary to) execute, acknowledge and
deliver such additional documents, instruments of conveyance, transfer and
assignment or assurances and take such other action as KIAC may reasonably
request to more effectively assign, convey and transfer to KIAC, and fully
vest title in KIAC, with respect to the Purchased Assets.   ARTICLE XI  
EMPLOYEE MATTERS   11.1 Key Employee Retention Program. Prior to the
Closing, each appropriate Seller shall enter into a Retention Agreement with
such of its employees as KIAC and the Sellers shall agree to in writing.  
11.2 Offers of Employment.   (a) Following the Closing, KIAC may, in its
sole discretion, offer employment to the employees of Sellers listed in
Schedule 19 hereto upon substantially the same terms as the terms upon which
such employees are currently employed by Sellers (including, without
limitation, any existing severance arrangements). In the event that KIAC
shall so offer employment to any employee of Sellers and such employee shall
accept such offer, KIAC shall assume and satisfy all of the legally
enforceable obligations of Sellers to such employee for accrued vacation,
sick or personal days.   (b) In the event that KIAC does not offer
employment to a person whose name appears on Schedule 19 hereto, KIAC shall
assume and satisfy all of the legally enforceable obligations of Sellers, to
such person for accrued vacation, sick or personal days and shall pay such
person the amount of severance to which he or she is entitled pursuant to the
severance arrangement between such person and any Seller (other than those
persons who are a party to a Retention Agreement).   (c) Except as
specified in Section 11.2(b) hereof, KIAC shall not assume or otherwise be
responsible for any liabilities or obligations of any nature   
63   whatsoever of any Seller to any of such Seller\'s past, present or
future respective employees (including, without limitation, for accrued but
unpaid salary or other compensation).   11.3 Tax Reporting. If requested by
KIAC, pursuant to the "Alternative Procedure" provided in Section 5 of
Revenue Procedure 96-60, 1996-2 C.B. 399, (i) KIAC and Sellers shall report
on a predecessor-successor basis as set forth therein, (ii) Sellers shall be
relieved from filing a Form W-2 with respect to any employee of any Seller
who accepts employment with KIAC, and (iii) KIAC shall file (or cause to be
filed) a Form W-2 for each such employee for the year that includes the
Closing Date (including the portion of such year that such employee was
employed by any Seller). Sellers shall provide KIAC with all payroll and
employment-related information reasonably requested by KIAC with respect to
each employee of any Seller who commences employment with KIAC.   ARTICLE
XII   RISK OF LOSS   12.1 Risk of Loss on Sellers. Each Seller and Foreign
Subsidiary shall bear the entire risk of any loss or damage to any of the
Purchased Assets and Consigned Inventory which occurs at any time prior to
the time that the applicable Seller or Foreign Subsidiary delivers the
Purchased Assets or Consigned Inventory to KIAC in accordance with the
provisions of Section 5.4 hereof. Sellers shall promptly notify KIAC if any
such loss or damage occurs. If any such Purchased Asset or item of Consigned
Inventory has been damaged but not destroyed, Sellers shall promptly repair
(or cause the appropriate Foreign Subsidiary to repair) such Purchased Asset
or item of Consigned Inventory fully; provided, however, that such repair
obligation shall not exist if the cost of repair would be sufficiently large
that the only reasonable course of action would be to treat such Purchased
Asset or item of Consigned Inventory as a total loss. In the event of any
total loss (or loss treated as a total loss in accordance with the
immediately prior sentence) of any Purchased Asset or item of Consigned
Inventory, the Cash Portion of the Purchase Price shall be reduced in
accordance with Section 4.3(c) hereof.   ARTICLE XIII   TERMINATION OF
THIS AGREEMENT   13.1 Termination. Provided that the party seeking to
terminate this Agreement shall not then be in material breach of any
provision of this Agreement or any Collateral Agreement, this Agreement may
be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby may thereafter be
abandoned at any time prior to the Closing:   (a) by mutual agreement of
Sellers (with the prior consent of Agent if the Agent and all of the Senior
Lenders have complied, at all times and in all material respects, with all of
Lenders Obligations) and KIAC;    64    (b) by Sellers (with the prior
consent of Agent if the Agent and all of the Senior Lenders have complied, at
all times and in all material respects, with all of the Lenders\'
Obligations) or by KIAC:   (i) if a Governmental Authority shall have 
issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action (which  order,
decree or ruling the parties hereto shall use their reasonable  best efforts
to lift), in each case permanently restraining, enjoining  or otherwise
prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement and such order,
decree, ruling or other action shall have  become final and nonappealable;
or   (ii) pursuant to Section 4.3(e) hereof; or   (iii) if the Closing
shall not have occurred on or  before the Scheduled Closing Date, except by
reason of the failure of  the party seeking to terminate this Agreement to
have complied with all  of its obligations under this Agreement.   (c) by
KIAC:   (i) if the Sale Procedures Order shall not have  become a Final
Order within 60 days from the date of this Agreement or  shall, at any time,
be modified in any respect without the consent of  KIAC;   (ii) if any
Seller shall fail to comply in all  respects with its obligations under
Section 9.11(a);   (iii) if (A) the Lenders\' Agreement shall not have 
been executed and delivered by each of the parties thereto, other than  KIAC,
on or before the fifth day following the date of this Agreement  or shall
have terminated in accordance with the applicable provisions  thereof (other
than by reason of Paragraph 5d thereof) or (B) the Agent  or any of the
Senior Lenders shall fail at any time to comply, in all  material respects,
with each of the Lenders\' Obligations;   (iv) if, the DIP Financing
Agreement shall not  have been executed and delivered by each of the parties
thereto on or  before the fifth day following the date of this Agreement or
shall  thereafter have been terminated or materially amended;   (v) if
Sellers shall have accepted or selected,  and the Bankruptcy Court shall have
approved, the bid or bids of any  Person or Persons other than KIAC to
purchase all or any portion of the  Purchased Assets, Consigned Inventory or
other assets or rights to be  purchased by KIAC pursuant to this Agreement
(whether or not any  transaction contemplated by any such bid or bids shall
be consummated);    65    (vi) if the Sale and Consignment Order has
not  been entered by the Bankruptcy Court not less than ten Business Days 
prior to the Scheduled Closing Date;   (vii) as provided in Section 5.1(a)
of this  Agreement; or   (viii) as provided in Section 9.5 of this 
Agreement.   (d) by Sellers (with the prior consent of Agent if the Agent
and all of the Senior Lenders have complied, at all times and in all material
respects, with all of the Lenders\' Obligations) if (i) KIAC shall
have failed to make either of the deposits provided for in Section 5.1(b)
hereof for any reason other than the failure of any other party to the Escrow
Agreement to execute and deliver the Escrow Agreement to KIAC or (ii) each of
the conditions specified in Paragraph 4(b)(i) through (iv) of the Escrow
Agreement shall have been satisfied.   13.2 Payments. In the event that,
prior to the first to occur of the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with Section 13.1 hereof or July 1, 2002,   (a) the Agent or any
Senior Lender shall at any time fail to comply with each of the Lenders\'
Obligations, Sellers shall pay to KIAC an amount equal to the sum of the
Agreement Termination Amount plus an amount equal to the aggregate amount,
not in excess of $1,300,000, of KIAC Expenses;   (b) Sellers shall fail to
take any action specified in Sections 9.8 or 9.11(a) (i), (ii) or (iii) of
this Agreement, Sellers shall pay to KIAC an amount equal to the aggregate
amount, not in excess of $1,300,000, of KIAC expenses;   (c) a trustee in
bankruptcy shall be appointed for any Seller or any Chapter 11 Case shall be
converted to a case under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code or shall be
dismissed (in any such case, prior to the consummation with KIAC of the
transactions contemplated by the Sale and Consignment Order and upon the
motion or with the support of the Agent or any Senior Lender), Sellers shall
pay to KIAC (i) an amount equal to the aggregate amount, not in excess of
$1,300,000, of KIAC Expenses, plus (ii) in the event that any such trustee
shall thereafter consummate one or more sales of all or any portion of the
Purchased Assets, Consigned Inventory or other assets or rights to be
purchased by KIAC pursuant to this Agreement for an aggregate purchase price
equal to not less than $2 million in excess of the amount otherwise payable
by KIAC hereunder, an amount equal to the Agreement Termination Amount;  
(d) if Sellers shall have accepted or selected, and the Bankruptcy Court
shall have approved, the bid or bids of any Person or Persons other than KIAC
to purchase all or any portion of the Purchased Assets, Consigned Inventory
or other assets or rights to be purchased by KIAC pursuant to this Agreement
(whether or not any transaction contemplated by any such bid or bids shall be
consummated), Sellers shall pay to KIAC, in accordance with the Sale
Procedures Order, the Agreement Termination Amount plus an amount equal
to the aggregate amount, not in excess of $1,300,000, of KIAC Expenses;
or    66    (e) except in the event that (i) Sellers fail to take
any action specified in Sections 9.8 or 9.11(a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this
Agreement, (ii) a trustee in bankruptcy shall be appointed for such Seller,
(iii) such Seller\'s Chapter 11 Case shall be converted to a case under
Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code or shall be dismissed or (iv) Sellers shall
have accepted or selected and the Bankruptcy Court shall have approved, the
bid or bids of any Person or Persons other than KIAC to purchase all or any
portion of the Purchased Assets, Consigned Inventory or other assets or
rights to be purchased by KIAC pursuant to this Agreement (in each of which
events the provisions of Sections 13.2(b), (c) or (d), as the case may be,
shall be applicable), any Seller shall refuse (or shall fail to attempt in
good faith) to consummate the sale of the Purchased Assets, the assignment of
the Assumed Contracts or the consignment of the Consigned Inventory, as
contemplated by this Agreement, Sellers shall pay to KIAC an amount equal to
the aggregate amount, not in excess of $1,300,000, of KIAC Expenses.   13.3
Procedure and Effect of Termination. This Agreement shall in no event
terminate unless and until any and all amounts payable to KIAC pursuant to
Section 13.2 hereof shall have been paid in full to KIAC. In the event
of termination and abandonment of the transactions contemplated hereby
pursuant to Section 13.1 hereof, written notice thereof shall forthwith be
given to the other parties to this Agreement and this Agreement (other than
the provisions of Section 13.2 hereof which shall survive any such
termination) shall terminate (subject to the provisions of this Section 13.3
hereof) and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be abandoned, without
further action by any of the parties hereto. If this Agreement is terminated
as provided herein:   (a) upon request therefor, each party shall redeliver
all documents, work papers and other material of any other party relating to
the transactions contemplated hereby, whether obtained before or after the
execution hereof, to the party furnishing the same; and   (b) no party
hereto shall have any liability or further obligation in connection herewith
to any other party to this Agreement resulting from such termination.  
13.4 The Deposit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this
Agreement, in the event of the breach by KIAC of any of its representations
and warranties in, or obligations under, this Agreement, (a) the sole remedy
of the Sellers with respect to such breach shall be to receive and retain the
Deposit (but only if and to the extent that Sellers shall be entitled to do
so in accordance with the provisions of Section 4(b) of the Escrow Agreement)
and (b) Sellers shall be entitled to so receive and retain such Deposit in
(but only in) the circumstances described in such Section 4(b).    67   
ARTICLE XIV   MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS   14.1 Sellers.   (a) Each of the
agreements, covenants, representations, warranties, obligations, undertakings
and liabilities (in each case, of any nature whatsoever) of any Seller in
this Agreement, any Collateral Agreement or otherwise in connection with any
matter contemplated hereby, or by any of the Collateral Agreements, shall (in
each case and for any purpose whatsoever) be a joint and several agreement,
covenant, representation, warranty, obligation, undertaking and liability (as
the case may be) of all Sellers.   (b) Any notice, consent, waiver,
approval, acknowledgment or other communication received by KIAC from any
Seller (or by Kellstrom from KIAC) with respect to this Agreement, any
Collateral Agreement or otherwise in connection with any matter contemplated
hereby or by any of the Collateral Agreements, shall be deemed (in each case
and for any purpose whatsoever) to be a notice, consent, waiver, approval,
acknowledgment or other communication received by KIAC from all Sellers or
(as the case may be) received by all Sellers from KIAC.   14.2 Notices. All
notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in
writing and, unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, shall be deemed to
have been duly given when delivered in person or when dispatched by
electronic facsimile transfer (confirmed in writing by mail simultaneously
dispatched) or one business day after having been dispatched by a nationally
recognized overnight courier service to the appropriate party at the address
specified below:   (a) If to Sellers, to:   Kellstrom Industries, Inc. 
3700 Flamingo Road  Miramar, Florida 33027  Attention: Zivi Nedivi 
Facsimile: (954) 538-3100    68    with copies to:   Akerman,
Senterfitt and Eidson, P.A.  350 East Las Olas Boulevard  Suite 1600  Ft.
Lauderdale, Florida 33301  Attention: Bruce I. March  Facsimile: (954)
463-2224   and   Saul Ewing LLP   222 Delaware Avenue  12th Floor 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801  Attention: Domenic E. Pacitti  Facsimile: (302)
421-5881   and   Parker Hudson Rainer and Dobbs LLP  1500 Marquis Two
Tower  285 Peachtree Center Avenue  Atlanta, Georgia 30303  Attention: C.
Edward Dobbs  Facsimile: (404) 522-8409  (b) If to KIAC, to:   KIAC,
Inc.  660 Steamboat Road  Greenwich, CT 06830  Attention: Mr. Robert
Sheehy  Facsimile: (203) 629-9574   with copies to:   Weil, Gotshal and
Manges LLP  767 Fifth Avenue  New York, New York 10153  Attention: David P.
Stone  Facsimile: (212) 310-8007   and    69    Weil, Gotshal and
Manges LLP  701 Brickell Avenue  Suite 2100  Miami, Florida 33131 
Attention: Oscar Cantu  Facsimile: (305) 374-7159  or to such other address
or addresses as any such noticed party may from time to time designate as to
itself by like notice.   14.3 Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, each party hereto shall pay any expenses incurred by it
incident to this Agreement and in preparing to consummate and consummating
the transactions provided for herein.   14.4 Successors and Assigns.  
(a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and, after approval of this Agreement by the Sale and
Consignment Order, their respective successors (including,
without limitation, any trustee appointed for any Seller) and, following the
Closing, the Liquidating Trust and permitted assigns; provided, however,
that, without the prior consent of the other party, no party may assign or
delegate any right, duty or interest hereunder except that (i) upon notice to
Sellers delivered in accordance with Section 14.1 hereof, KIAC may assign or
delegate any or all of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to any
Affiliate thereof or to any Person that directly or indirectly acquires,
after the Closing, all or substantially all of the assets or voting stock of
KIAC, but such assignment or delegation shall not relieve KIAC of any
obligation hereunder; (ii) Sellers may assign and delegate after Closing any
or all of their rights and duties hereunder to the Liquidating Trust; and
(iii) Sellers may collaterally assign all of their rights and remedies
hereunder to Agent for itself and for the benefit of the Senior Lenders.  
(b) KIAC acknowledges and agrees that, after the Closing, Sellers reserve the
right to sell and assign to the Liquidating Trust all of each Seller\'s
right, title and interest in and to all of the Consigned Inventory, Records
and certain of the other Retained Assets and all or part of each Seller\'s
right, title and interest in, to and under this Agreement and the Collateral
Agreements, in each case, without representation or warranty and without
recourse. Effective from and after such sale and assignment, all provisions
of this Agreement (i) requiring the payment of money by KIAC to any Seller
shall be understood to mean and require payment to the Liquidating Trust for
the benefit of Agent and Senior Lenders; (ii) requiring the payment of
money by any Seller to KIAC shall be understood to mean and require payment
by the Liquidating Trust (in the manner authorized or required herein); (iii)
requiring the consent or approval of any or all of Sellers shall be
understood to mean and require the consent and approval of the Liquidating
Trust (acting by and through the Liquidating Trustee at the direction or with
the consent of Agent); (iv) requiring the giving of notice or the delivery of
documents to a Seller shall be understood to mean and require the giving of
notice or delivery of documents to the Liquidating Trust (to the attention of
the Liquidating Trustee);    70   (v) relating to the title to any of
the Consigned Inventory, Records or Retained Assets shall be understood to
mean the title of the Liquidating Trust; (vi) relating to the obligation of
any Seller to cooperate after Closing with KIAC shall be understood to mean
the obligation of the Liquidating Trust to so cooperate; (vii) relating to
any rights or remedies that may be exercised after Closing (including,
without limitation, the right to terminate the Consignment) shall be
understood to mean rights and remedies that may be exercised by
the Liquidating Trust (acting by and through the Liquidating Trustee at
the direction or with the consent of Agent); (viii) authorizing any Seller
to verify, inspect or examine any of the Consigned Inventory or records
or accountings of KIAC relating to the Consignment (including the
Accounting Criteria) shall be understood to authorize both the Liquidating
Trustee and Agent to make such examination; and (ix) requiring KIAC to name
Sellers as loss payees or additional insureds on any insurance required by
Article VI shall be understood to include Agent, and the Liquidating
Trustee.   (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this
Agreement, neither the Agent nor any Senior Lender shall have any duties
or obligations of any nature whatsoever to any Person under this
Agreement.   14.5 Waiver. KIAC may, by written notice to Sellers, and
Sellers may (with the prior consent of the Agent, if the Agent and all of the
Senior Lenders have complied, at all times and in all material respects, with
all Lenders\' Obligations), by written notice to KIAC, (a) extend the time
for performance of any of the obligations of the other party under this
Agreement, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations or warranties of
the other party contained in this Agreement, (c) waive compliance with any of
the conditions or covenants of the other party contained in this Agreement,
or (d) waive or modify performance of any of the obligations of the other
party under this Agreement; provided, however, that no such party may,
without the prior written consent of the other party, make or grant such
extension of time, waiver of inaccuracies or compliance or waiver or
modification of performance with respect to its representations, warranties,
conditions or covenants hereunder. Except as provided in the immediately
preceding sentence, no action taken pursuant to this Agreement shall be
deemed to constitute a waiver of compliance with any representations,
warranties, conditions or covenants contained in this Agreement or shall
operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach, whether of a
similar or dissimilar nature.   14.6 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, which
includes the Schedules and exhibits hereto, supersedes any other agreement,
whether written or oral, that may have been made or entered into by any party
relating to the matters contemplated hereby.   14.7 Amendments,
Supplements, Etc. This Agreement may be amended or supplemented at any time
by additional written agreements as may mutually be determined by KIAC and
Sellers (with the prior consent of Agent if the Agent and all of the Senior
Lenders have complied, at all times and in all material respects, with all of
the Lenders\' Obligations) to be necessary, desirable or expedient to further
the purposes of this Agreement or to clarify the intention of the
parties.    71    14.8 Rights of the Parties. Nothing expressed or
implied in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or
give any Person other than the parties hereto and their permitted successors
and assigns any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement or
any transaction contemplated hereby; provided, however, that, in the event
and to the extent, that (a) the consent or agreement of the Agent shall be a
precondition to the taking (or omitting to take) of any action by any Seller
under this Agreement, the Agent shall have the right to enforce on its own
behalf such precondition and (b) this Agreement shall expressly provide for
the Agent to have any other rights under this Agent, the Agent shall have the
right to enforce such right or rights.   14.9 Applicable Law. This
Agreement and the legal relations among the parties hereto shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the rules and substantive Laws of the
State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereof.  
14.10 Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any
counterpart may be executed by facsimile signature and such facsimile
signature shall be deemed an original.   14.11 Invalid Provisions. If any
provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable
under any present or future Law, and if the rights or obligations under this
Agreement of Sellers, on the one hand, and KIAC, on the other hand, shall not
be adversely affected thereby, (a) such provision shall be fully severable;
(b) this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal,
invalid, or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part hereof; (c)
the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable
provision or by its severance from this Agreement; and (d) in lieu of such
illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision, there shall be added
automatically as a part of this Agreement a legal, valid, and
enforceable provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid, or
unenforceable provision as may be possible.   14.12 Titles and Headings.
Titles and headings to Sections herein are inserted for convenience of
reference only, and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement.   14.13 Transfers. KIAC and Sellers
shall cooperate and take such action as may be reasonably requested by the
other in order to effect a timely and orderly transfer of the Purchased
Assets and assignment of the Assumed Contracts with a minimum of disruption
to the operations and employees of the businesses of KIAC or Sellers.  
14.14 Brokers. Sellers hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless KIAC
against any liability, claim, loss, damage or expense incurred by any Seller
relating to any fees or commissions owed to any broker, finder or financial
advisor as a result of actions taken by any Seller. KIAC hereby agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless Sellers against any liability, claim,
loss, damage or expense incurred by KIAC relating to any fees or   
72   commissions owed to any broker, finder or financial advisor as a
result of actions taken by KIAC.   14.15 Principles of Interpretation.
Whenever used in this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided or
unless the context otherwise requires, any noun or pronoun shall be deemed to
include the plural as well as the singular and to cover all genders. Unless
otherwise specified, the terms "hereof," "herein," "hereby" and similar terms
refer to this Agreement as a whole (including the exhibits and schedules
hereto), and references herein to Articles or Sections refer to Articles or
Sections of this Agreement.    [Signature Page Follows]    73     IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Asset Sale Agreement
as of the day and year first above written.    KIAC, INC.    By: /s/
Robert Sheehy  ---------------------------------------  Name: Robert
Sheehy  -----------------------------------  Title: Secretary 
-----------------------------------    KELLSTROM INDUSTRIES, INC.    By:
/s/ Zivi R. Nedivi  ---------------------------------------  Name: Zivi R.
Nedivi  ------------------------------------  Title: President 
------------------------------------    SELLERS:   Kellstrom Solair,
Inc.    By: /s/ Zivi R. Nedivi  --------------------------------------- 
Name: Zivi R. Nedivi  ------------------------------------  Title:
President  ------------------------------------    Certified Aircraft
Parts, Inc.    By: /s/ Zivi R. Nedivi 
---------------------------------------  Name: Zivi R. Nedivi 
------------------------------------  Title: President 
------------------------------------    Kellstrom Commercial  Aircraft,
Inc.    By: /s/ Zivi R. Nedivi  --------------------------------------- 
Name: Zivi R. Nedivi  ------------------------------------  Title:
President  ------------------------------------    74    '

