<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>contributionagreement.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1 CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                     Exhibit 2.1

                             CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

     This  Contribution  Agreement  ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of
the 8th day of  February,  2004,  by and among FCI  Trading  Corp.,  a  Delaware
corporation ("Parent"),  Ferrellgas,  Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "General
Partner "),  Ferrellgas  Partners,  L.P., a Delaware  limited  partnership  (the
"Partnership")  and  Ferrellgas,  L.P.,  a  Delaware  limited  partnership  (the
"Operating Partnership").

     WHEREAS, the General Partner is the general partner of both the Partnership
and the Operating Partnership;

     WHEREAS, Ferrell Companies, Inc., a Kansas corporation ("Ultimate Parent"),
is the sole  stockholder  of  Parent  and  Parent  is the sole  member of Diesel
Acquisition LLC ("Merger Sub"); and

     WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub, Ultimate Parent and Blue Rhino Corporation,  a
Delaware  corporation (the "Company") have entered into an Agreement and Plan of
Merger  dated as of the date hereof (the  "Plan"),  pursuant to which Merger Sub
will merge with and into the Company with the Company being the surviving entity
(the "Surviving Entity") in the merger (the "Merger"), thereby becoming a direct
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  foregoing  and the  respective
representations,  warranties,  mutual covenants and agreements  herein contained
and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1.  Deposit of Funds.  Prior to the  Closing,  as defined in the Plan,  the
Operating  Partnership  shall  deliver an amount equal to the  aggregate  Merger
Consideration payable to all holders of Company Common Stock, as both such terms
are defined in the Plan, as the Parent's designee for the delivery of such funds
as described in the Escrow Agreement, as such term is defined in the Plan.

     2. Post-Merger Transactions.  After the consummation of the Merger pursuant
to the terms of the Plan, the parties hereto shall take the following actions:

          (a) Parent shall have  converted  the Company into a Delaware  limited
     liability company (the "Converted Entity") and shall contribute

               (i) a portion of the membership interests in the Converted Entity
          ("Parent  Contribution"),  which  together  with  any  portion  of the
          membership  interests of the Converted Entity that were distributed to
          the Ultimate Parent,  contributed to the General Partner and are to be
          contributed by the General Partner to the Partnership or the Operating
          Partnership  to  maintain  the  General  Partner's  interest  in those
          partnerships as set forth in those partnerships respective partnership
          agreements,  shall  constitute all of the membership  interests of the
          Converted Entity; and

                                       1
<PAGE>


               (ii) Parent's  obligation to pay the Merger  Consideration as set
          forth in Section 2.1(b) of the Plan and Parent's obligations under the
          paying agent agreement,  as described in the Plan  (collectively,  the
          "Assumed Debt"),  which  obligations are hereby assumed in full by the
          Partnership;

          (b) the Partnership  and the General  Partner shall  contribute all of
     the  membership   interests  of  the  Converted  Entity  to  the  Operating
     Partnership,  in accordance  with the terms of the Operating  Partnership's
     partnership  agreement,   and  the  Partnership  shall  contribute  to  the
     Operating Partnership the Assumed Debt, which obligations in respect of the
     Assumed Debt are hereby assumed in full by the Operating Partnership; and

          (c) the Operating  Partnership  shall cause the Converted Entity to be
     merged with and into the Operating  Partnership  by filing a Certificate of
     Ownership  and  Merger  with the  Secretary  of State  of  Delaware,  which
     certificate  shall be filed  with the  Secretary  of State of the  State of
     Delaware  immediately after the Effective Time (as defined in the Plan) but
     shall  not be  effective,  pursuant  to its terms  and in  accordance  with
     Delaware  law,  until no later than two business  days after the  Effective
     Time.

     3. Consideration for Parent  Contribution.  In consideration for the Parent
Contribution,  the Partnership  shall issue to Parent, on the date of the Parent
Contribution,  common  units  representing  limited  partner  interests  in  the
Partnership  ("Common Units") with a value equal to $8,704,815 less the value of
the  contribution  by the General  Partner to the  Partnership and the Operating
Partnership  in  connection  with the  issuance of Common  Units  pursuant to an
anticipated  public  offering of Common  Units and private  offerings  of Common
Units to be consummated prior to or simultaneously  with the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated under this Agreement, to be determined by the General
Partner.  The number of Common  Units to be issued to Parent  based on the prior
sentence  shall be  determined  by  dividing  such  value by the  average of the
closing  sales  prices of a Common Unit as  reported in the Wall Street  Journal
(Corporate  Transactions  section) for the twenty (20) consecutive  trading days
immediately prior to the date of issuance of such Common Units.

     4.  Purchase   Price   Allocation.   The  parties   acknowledge   that  the
consideration  to be received by the Partnership  and the Operating  Partnership
for the transactions  contemplated hereby shall be allocated,  as of the Closing
Date, among the assets and properties of the Converted Entity using the residual
method as specified under Section 1060 of the Code.

     5. Representations and Warranties. Each of the parties hereto represents to
the other  parties  hereto  that as of the date hereof and as of the date of the
issuance of the Common Units pursuant hereto:

                                       2
<PAGE>


          (a) That party is duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in
     good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.  That party has full
     power and authority to own and hold the  properties  and assets it now owns
     and holds and to carry on its  businesses as and where such  properties are
     now owned or held and such  business is now  conducted.  That party is duly
     licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign  entity,  as  applicable,
     and are in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the
     properties and assets now owned or held by it or the nature of the business
     now  conducted by it requires it to be so licensed or  qualified  and where
     the  failure  so to  qualify  would not  reasonably  be  expected  to have,
     individually or in the aggregate, an adverse change in or effect on (i) the
     business,  results of operations or condition  (financial or other) of such
     party,  or  (ii)  the  ability  of  such  party  to  consummate  any of the
     transactions  contemplated  hereby ("Material  Adverse Effect");  provided,
     however,  that a Material Adverse Effect shall not be deemed to include any
     effect of (x) actions or omissions of any party hereto taken with the prior
     written  consent  of  the  other  in   contemplation  of  the  transactions
     contemplated  hereby,  (y) the  direct  effects  of  compliance  with  this
     Agreement on the operating  performance of such party,  including  expenses
     incurred by such party in  consummating  the  transactions  contemplated by
     this  Agreement or relating to any  litigation  arising as a result of this
     Agreement or the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  or (z) any change in
     general economic conditions,  except to the extent that such change affects
     such  party in a manner  materially  different  from the manner in which it
     affects other similar businesses.

          (b) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by
     that party and is the legal,  valid and binding  obligation  of that party,
     enforceable  against  it in  accordance  with  its  terms,  except  as such
     enforcement  may be  limited  by  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,
     moratorium or other similar laws  affecting the  enforcement  of creditors'
     rights  generally.  The  governing  body of that  party has  approved  this
     Agreement and the transactions  contemplated  hereby.  No vote of any other
     equity holders of that party is required for approval of this Agreement.

          (c) Except for any filings  required to be made in connection with the
     Plan or as set forth herein,  the execution and delivery of this  Agreement
     do not, and the  fulfillment  and compliance  with the terms and conditions
     hereof and the  consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby will
     not (a)  conflict  with any of, or  require  the  consent  of any person or
     entity under, the terms,  conditions or provisions of the charter documents
     or bylaws or equivalent  governing  instruments of that party,  (b) violate
     any provision of, or require any consent,  authorization or approval under,
     any law or  administrative  regulation or any judicial,  administrative  or
     arbitration order, award,  judgment,  writ, injunction or decree applicable
     to such party,  (c)  conflict  with,  result in a breach of,  constitute  a
     default  under  (whether  with  notice  or the  lapse  of time or  both) or
     accelerate or permit the  acceleration of the  performance  required by, or
     require any consent,  authorization  or approval  under,  any Contract,  as
     defined in the Plan,  to which that party is a party or by which that party
     is bound or to which any asset of that party is  subject,  or (d) result in
     the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance on the assets or properties
     of that party under any such Contract.

          (d) That party is not in default under,  and no condition  exists that
     with notice or lapse of time or both would  constitute a default under, (i)
     any mortgage, loan agreement,  indenture, evidence of indebtedness or other
     instrument  evidencing  borrowed money to which it or any of its properties
     are bound, (ii) any judgment,  order or injunction of any court, arbitrator
     or  governmental  agency,  or (iii) any  other  Contract,  except  for such
     defaults and conditions that,  individually or in the aggregate,  would not
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                                       3
<PAGE>


          (e) No party has entered  (directly or indirectly)  into any agreement
     with any person,  firm or corporation  that would obligate any party to pay
     any  commission,  brokerage  or  "finder's  fee"  in  connection  with  the
     transactions contemplated herein.

     6.  Representations  and  Warranties of the  Partnership.  The  Partnership
represents  to Parent that as of the date hereof and the date of issuance of the
Common Units pursuant hereto:

          (a) The  Common  Units to be issued  hereunder  and sold to Parent are
     duly authorized and, when issued and delivered  against payment therefor as
     provided  herein,  will be validly  issued,  fully paid and  non-assessable
     (except as  non-assessability  may be affected by certain provisions of the
     Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act).

          (b) Since July 31,  2000,  (i) the  Partnership  has made all  filings
     required to be made by the Securities  Act and the Securities  Exchange Act
     of 1934, as amended  ("Exchange  Act"); (ii) all filings by the Partnership
     with the Securities and Exchange  Commission (the "SEC"), at the time filed
     (in the case of  documents  filed  pursuant  to the  Exchange  Act) or when
     declared  effective by the Securities and Exchange  Commission  (the "SEC")
     (in the case of  registration  statements  filed under the Securities  Act)
     complied in all material  respects with the applicable  requirements of the
     Securities  Act and the Exchange  Act;  (iii) no such  filing,  at the time
     described  above,  contained  any untrue  statement  of a material  fact or
     omitted to state any material  fact  required to be stated  therein to make
     the statements  contained therein,  in the light of the circumstances under
     which they were made,  not  misleading;  and (iv) all financial  statements
     contained or  incorporated  by reference  therein  complied as to form when
     filed or, if  applicable,  as restated,  in all material  respects with the
     rules and  regulations  of the SEC with respect  thereto,  were prepared in
     accordance  with United States  generally  accepted  accounting  principles
     applied on a consistent  basis  throughout the periods  involved (except as
     may be  indicated  in the  notes  thereto),  and  fairly  presented  in all
     material respects the financial  condition and results of operations of the
     Partnership  and  its  subsidiaries,  as  applicable,  at  and  as  of  the
     respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of its operations and
     changes in cash flows for the  periods  indicated  (subject  in the case of
     unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).

     7.  Securities  Representations  and  Warranties  of Parent.  Parent hereby
represents and warrants to the Partnership and its representatives as follows as
of the date hereof and as of the date of issuance of the Common  Units  pursuant
hereto:

          (a)  Parent is an  "accredited  investor"  (as such term is defined in
     Rule 501 of Regulation D under the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
     "Securities Act")).

          (b) Parent is not an "investment  company", as such term is defined in
     ss.3(a) of the  Investment  Company Act of 1940,  as amended,  or an entity
     which would be an "investment  company" but for the exception  provided for
     in ss.3(c)(1) or ss.3(c)(7) of such act.

          (c) The  purchase of the Common  Units by Parent is for  Parent's  own
     account, is for investment purposes only, and is not being made with a view
     to, nor for offer or sale in  connection  with,  the  distribution  of such
     Common Units and Parent is not participating, does not have a participation
     in and does not  contemplate any  participation  in, such a distribution or
     the underwriting of any such distribution.

                                       4
<PAGE>


          (d) Parent has no present intention of selling or otherwise  disposing
     of the Common Units purchased hereunder in violation of (i) this Agreement,
     (ii) the  Partnership  Agreement,  or (iii) the Securities Act or any other
     applicable Federal or state securities laws;

          (e)  Parent  is  aware  that  neither  the   Securities  and  Exchange
     Commission (the "SEC") nor other Federal or state securities  commission or
     governmental  authority  has approved or  disapproved  of the Common Units,
     made any finding or  determination  as to the fairness of an  investment in
     the Partnership,  nor made any  recommendation  or endorsement with respect
     thereto, and any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

          (f) Parent confirms that it understands  and has fully  considered and
     reviewed  for  purposes  of the  purchase  of Common  Units  hereunder  all
     documents filed with the SEC by the Partnership and its affiliates,  all of
     which are publicly available via EDGAR (all such documents are collectively
     referred to herein as the "Public Filings").

          (g) Parent is able to bear the economic risk of the purchase of Common
     Units  hereunder and is able to bear its investment in the  Partnership for
     an indefinite period of time.

          (h) Parent understands that the Common Units purchased  hereunder have
     not been registered  under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any
     state and, therefore,  cannot be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of
     unless;

               (i) such  Common  Units  are  subsequently  registered  under the
          Securities  Act and any  applicable  securities  laws of any  state or
          exemptions from registration thereunder are available; and

               (ii) such sale,  transfer or disposal is in  compliance  with the
          terms of the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement.

          (i) Parent  further  understands  that only the  Partnership  can take
     action to  register  the Common  Units  being sold  hereunder  and that the
     Partnership is under no obligation, and has no present plans, to do so.

          (j) Parent  understands that the Common Units purchased  hereunder may
     be  required  to be held for an  indeterminate  period of time and that the
     sale or other  transfer of such Common  Units by Parent in reliance on Rule
     144 under the Securities  Act, if available to Parent,  may be made only in
     limited amounts in accordance with the terms and conditions of Rule 144.

          (k) In  addition to the other  provisions  of this  Agreement  and the
     Partnership  Agreement,  Parent  agrees that in no event will Parent make a
     sale,  transfer or other  disposition of any of the Common Units  purchased
     hereunder unless and until:

               (i)  Parent  has  notified  the   Partnership   of  its  proposed
          disposition and has furnished the Partnership  with a statement of the
          circumstances surrounding the proposed disposition; and

                                       5
<PAGE>


               (ii)  Parent has  furnished  the  Partnership  with an opinion of
          counsel  satisfactory to the Partnership in its sole discretion to the
          effect (A) that such  disposition  will not  require  registration  or
          qualification  of such Common Units under federal or state  securities
          laws or (B) that appropriate action necessary for compliance with such
          federal or state securities laws has been taken;

     provided,  however,  the Partnership  may expressly waive the  requirements
under clauses (i) and (ii) above.

          (l) All information that Parent has supplied to the Partnership or its
     respective representatives or agents, including the information included in
     this  Agreement,  is true and  complete as of the date  hereof,  and unless
     otherwise made known to the Partnership or its  representatives in writing,
     true and complete as of the date of issuance of the Common Units,  with the
     same force and effect as if executed, made, or supplied, at such date.

          (m) Parent  confirms  that, in making the decision to purchase  Common
     Units hereunder,  Parent has relied solely upon independent  investigations
     made by Parent or representatives of Parent, including its own professional
     tax and other  advisers and that Parent and such  representatives  have had
     access to and an opportunity to inspect all relevant  information  relating
     to the Partnership  (including the Public Filings) sufficient to enable the
     Parent to evaluate  the merits and risks of its  purchase  of Common  Units
     hereunder.

          (n)  Parent  has  had  the   opportunity   to  ask  questions  of  the
     representatives  of  the  Partnership,  including  representatives  of  its
     general partner, and has received satisfactory answers respecting,  and has
     obtained such  additional  information as the Parent has desired  regarding
     the business, financial condition and other affairs of the Partnership.

          (o) Parent is not  acquiring  Common  Units  hereunder  with a view to
     realizing any benefits under the United States federal income tax laws with
     respect to the Parent's share of any losses or expenses of the Partnership,
     and no representations  have been made to the Parent that any such benefits
     will be  available  as result of the  Parent's  acquisition,  ownership  or
     disposition of such Common Units.

          (p) Parent has not borrowed, and shall not borrow, as the case may be,
     any portion of the funds  necessary  to purchase  Common  Units  hereunder,
     either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, its general partner or
     any affiliate of the foregoing.

          (q) For United States tax purposes:

               (i) Parent certifies that its name,  taxpayer  identification  or
          social  security  number  and  address  set  forth on  Schedule  I are
          correct; and

               (ii)  Parent  certifies  that  it  is  not a  non-resident  alien
          individual, foreign corporation, foreign partnership, foreign trust or
          foreign  estate (as defined in the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986,  as
          amended)  and that it will notify the  Partnership  within  sixty (60)
          days of a change to foreign status and its new country of residence.

                                       6
<PAGE>


          (r) Parent agrees to execute  properly and provide to the  Partnership
     in a timely manner any tax documentation that may reasonably be required by
     the Partnership in connection with its ownership on Common Units.

     8. Taxes. The General Partner shall cause the Partnership and the Operating
Partnership  to elect the  remedial  allocation  method  under  Treas.  Reg. ss.
1.704-3(d),  if available,  with respect to all of the assets and  properties of
the  Converted  Entity,  except the parties  agree that the  goodwill  and going
concern  value,  as such terms are defined for purposes of Section  197(d)(1) of
the Code,  shall not be amortized  for tax purposes by the  Partnership  and the
Operating Partnership.

     9. Legend on Certificates.  All certificates  representing the Common Units
to be issued and sold by the  Partnership  hereunder  shall  bear a  restrictive
legend in substantially the following form:

     THE SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS  CERTIFICATE  HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED
     UNDER THE  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS  AMENDED  (THE  ACT),  OR ANY STATE
     SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR TRANSFERRED, UNLESS SOLD OR
     OTHERWISE  TRANSFERRED IN COMPLIANCE  WITH AGREEMENT  UNDER WHICH THEY WERE
     PURCHASED,  THE LIMITED Partnership AGREEMENT OF FERRELLGAS PARTNERS,  L.P.
     AS IN EFFECT AT THE TIME OF SALE OR TRANSFER AND (I) SUCH  SECURITIES  HAVE
     BEEN REGISTERED  UNDER THE ACT AND ALL APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR
     (II) AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH  REGISTRATION  IS AVAILABLE AND A LEGAL OPINION
     STATING THAT SUCH  EXEMPTION IS AVAILABLE HAS BEEN  SUBMITTED TO FERRELLGAS
     PARTNERS,  L.P. BY COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER OF THIS  CERTIFICATE,  IN FORM AND
     SUBSTANCE ACCEPTABLE TO FERRELLGAS PARTNERS, L.P. IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION.

     10. No Duty to Transfer in Violation  Hereunder.  The Partnership shall not
be required:

          (a) to transfer on its books any of the Common Units issued  hereunder
     that have been sold or  transferred  in violation of any of the  provisions
     set forth herein, the Partnership Agreement or the Securities Act; or

          (b) to treat as the owner of such Common Units, to accord the right to
     vote as such owner or to pay  distributions to, any transferee to whom such
     Common  Units have been so sold or  transferred  in violation of any of the
     provisions set forth herein,  the  Partnership  Agreement or the Securities
     Act.

     11.  Conditions to Obligation of Each Party. The respective  obligations of
each  party to  effect  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  shall be
subject to the occurrence of the Closing under the Plan.

                                       7
<PAGE>


     12. Termination.  This Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force
or effect  effective as of the  termination  of the Plan in accordance  with its
terms.

     13. Indemnity.

          (a) The  Parent  hereby  indemnifies  and  holds the  General  Partner
     harmless from and against any and all damages (including  exemplary damages
     and penalties), losses, deficiencies,  costs, expenses, obligations, fines,
     expenditures, claims and liabilities, including reasonable counsel fees and
     reasonable expenses of investigation,  defending and prosecuting alleged or
     threatened claims from any Governmental  Authority, as defined in the Plan,
     or other litigation  (collectively,  the "Damages") suffered by the General
     Partner as a result of,  caused by,  arising out of, or in any way relating
     to the Partnership's assumption of the Assumed Debt.

          (b) The Partnership  hereby  indemnifies and holds the General Partner
     harmless  from and  against  any and all  Damages  suffered  by the General
     Partner as a result of,  caused by,  arising out of, or in any way relating
     to the Operating Partnership's assumption of the Assumed Debt.

          (c) The General  Partner  agrees that  promptly  upon its discovery of
     facts giving rise to a claim for  indemnity  under the  provisions  of this
     Agreement,  including  receipt  by it of notice of any  demand,  assertion,
     claim,  action or  proceeding,  judicial or  otherwise,  by any third party
     (such  third party  actions  being  collectively  referred to herein as the
     "Indemnity Claim"),  with respect to any matter as to which it claims to be
     entitled to indemnity under the provisions of this Agreement,  it will give
     prompt notice thereof in writing to the indemnifying party, together with a
     statement of such  information  respecting any of the foregoing as it shall
     have. Such notice shall include a formal demand for  indemnification  under
     this Agreement.  The indemnifying party shall not be obligated to indemnify
     the General  Partner  with  respect to any  Indemnity  Claim if the General
     Partner  knowingly  failed to notify  the  indemnifying  party  thereof  in
     accordance  with the  provisions of this  Agreement in  sufficient  time to
     permit the indemnifying  party or its counsel to defend against such matter
     and to make a timely response thereto including,  without  limitation,  any
     responsive  motion  or  answer to a  complaint,  petition,  notice or other
     legal, equitable or administrative process relating to the Indemnity Claim,
     only insofar as such knowing failure to notify the  indemnifying  party has
     actually resulted in prejudice or damage to the indemnifying party.

                                       8
<PAGE>


          (d) The  indemnifying  party shall be entitled at its cost and expense
     to contest and defend by all  appropriate  legal  proceedings any Indemnity
     Claim with  respect to which it is called  upon to  indemnify  the  General
     Partner under the provisions of this  Agreement;  provided,  that notice of
     the intention to so contest shall be delivered by the indemnifying party to
     the  General  Partner  within  20 days  from  the  date of  receipt  by the
     indemnifying party of notice by the General Partner of the assertion of the
     Indemnity  Claim.  Any such  contest  may be  conducted  in the name and on
     behalf  of  the  indemnifying  party  or  the  General  Partner  as  may be
     appropriate.  Such contest shall be conducted by reputable counsel employed
     by the indemnifying party, but the General Partner shall have the right but
     not the obligation to participate in such proceedings and to be represented
     by  counsel  of its  own  choosing  at  its  sole  cost  and  expense.  The
     indemnifying  party shall have full authority to determine all action to be
     taken with respect thereto; provided,  however, that the indemnifying party
     will  not  have  the  authority  to  subject  the  General  Partner  to any
     obligation  whatsoever,  other than the  performance of purely  ministerial
     tasks or obligations not involving  material  expense.  If the indemnifying
     party does not elect to contest any such Indemnity  Claim, the indemnifying
     party shall be bound by the result  obtained  with  respect  thereto by the
     General  Partner.  At any time after the commencement of the defense of any
     Indemnity Claim, the indemnifying  party may request the General Partner to
     agree in writing to the  abandonment  of such  contest or to the payment or
     compromise  by  the  General  Partner  of  the  asserted  Indemnity  Claim,
     whereupon such action shall be taken unless the General Partner  determines
     that the contest  should be  continued,  and so notifies  the  indemnifying
     party in  writing  within  15 days of such  request  from the  indemnifying
     party.  If the  General  Partner  determines  that the  contest  should  be
     continued,  the  indemnifying  party shall be liable  hereunder only to the
     extent of the amount that the other party to the contested  Indemnity Claim
     had agreed  unconditionally  to accept in payment or  compromise  as of the
     time the  indemnifying  party  made its  request  therefor  to the  General
     Partner.

          (e) If requested by the indemnifying party, the General Partner agrees
     to cooperate with the indemnifying  party and its counsel in contesting any
     Indemnity  Claim  that the  indemnifying  party  elects to  contest  or, if
     appropriate,  in making any  counterclaim  against the person asserting the
     Indemnity  Claim,  or any  cross-complaint  against  any  person,  and  the
     indemnifying  party will  reimburse  the General  Partner for any  expenses
     incurred  by it in so  cooperating.  At no cost or expense  to the  General
     Partner,  the  indemnifying  party shall cooperate with the General Partner
     and its counsel in contesting any Indemnity Claim.

          (f) The General  Partner agrees to afford the  indemnifying  party and
     its  counsel  the  opportunity  to be present  at, and to  participate  in,
     conferences with all persons, including Governmental Authorities, asserting
     any  Indemnity  Claim  against  the  General  Partner or  conferences  with
     representatives of or counsel for such persons.

          (g)  The  indemnifying  party  shall  pay to the  General  Partner  in
     immediately  available  funds any amounts to which the General  Partner may
     become entitled by reason of the provisions of this Agreement, such payment
     to be made within five days after any such  amounts are finally  determined
     either by mutual  agreement of the parties  hereto or pursuant to the final
     unappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.  In calculating
     any amount to be paid by an indemnifying  party by reason of the provisions
     of this  Agreement,  the amount  shall be reduced by all tax  benefits  and
     other reimbursements  credited to or received by the other party related to
     the Damages.

                                       9
<PAGE>


     14. Further Action;  Reasonable Best Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions hereof,  each of the parties hereto shall use its reasonable best
efforts to take,  or cause to be taken,  all  appropriate  action,  and to do or
cause  to be done,  all  things  necessary,  proper  or  advisable  as  required
hereunder and under  applicable  laws and  regulations  to  consummate  and make
effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     15. Notices.  Any notice,  request,  instruction,  correspondence  or other
document to be given hereunder by either party to the other (herein collectively
called  "Notice")  shall be in  writing  and  delivered  in person or by courier
service  requiring  acknowledgment of receipt of delivery or mailed by certified
mail,  postage  prepaid  and return  receipt  requested,  or by  telecopier,  as
follows:

                           If to Ultimate Parent or Parent:

                           Ferrellgas Companies Inc.
                           One  Liberty Plaza
                           Liberty, Missouri  64068
                           Attention: Kenneth A. Heinz,
                           Senior Vice President, Corporate Development
                           Telecopy: (816) 792-6979

                           If to the General Partner, the Partnership or the
                           Operating Partnership:

                           Ferrellgas, Inc.
                           One  Liberty Plaza
                           Liberty, Missouri  64068
                           Attention: Kevin T. Kelly
                           Chief Financial Officer
                           Telecopy: (816) 792-6979

Notice given by personal  delivery,  courier  service or mail shall be effective
upon  actual  receipt.   Notice  given  by  telecopier  shall  be  confirmed  by
appropriate  answer back and shall be effective  upon actual receipt if received
during  the  recipient's  normal  business  hours,  or at the  beginning  of the
recipient's  next  business  day  after  receipt  if  not  received  during  the
recipient's  normal  business  hours.  Any party may change any address to which
Notice is to be given to it by giving Notice as provided above of such change of
address.

     16.  Governing Law. The  provisions of this Agreement  shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance  with the laws of the State of Delaware
and the federal laws of the United States.

     17. Entire Agreement;  Amendments and Waivers.  This Agreement  constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior  agreements,  understandings,  negotiations  and
discussions,  whether  oral  or  written,  of  the  parties,  and  there  are no
warranties,   representations   or  other  agreements  between  the  parties  in
connection  with the  subject  matter  hereof  except as set forth  specifically
herein or  contemplated  hereby.  No supplement,  modification or waiver of this
Agreement  shall be binding unless  executed in writing by the party to be bound
thereby.  The  failure of a party to exercise  any right or remedy  shall not be
deemed or  constitute a waiver of such right or remedy in the future.  No waiver
of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a
waiver of any other provision hereof (regardless of whether similar),  nor shall
any such waiver  constitute  a  continuing  waiver  unless  otherwise  expressly
provided.  Each party to this  Agreement  agrees that (i) no other party to this
Agreement   (including   its   agents   and   representatives)   has   made  any
representation,  warranty,  covenant or agreement to or with such party relating
to the transactions contemplated hereby, other than those expressly set forth in
this Agreement and the agreements referenced herein, and (ii) such party has not
relied upon any representation,  warranty, covenant or agreement relating to the
transactions  contemplated  hereby,  other than those  referred to in clause (i)
above.

                                       10
<PAGE>


     18. Binding Effect and Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the  benefit  of the  parties  hereto  and their  respective  permitted
successors  and  assigns;  but  neither  this  Agreement  nor any of the rights,
benefits or  obligations  hereunder  shall be  assigned,  by operation of law or
otherwise,  by any party hereto  without the prior written  consent of the other
parties hereto.  Nothing in this Agreement,  express or implied,  is intended to
confer  upon any  person or  entity  other  than the  parties  hereto  and their
respective permitted successors and assigns, any rights, benefits or obligations
hereunder.

     19. Severability. If any provision of the Agreement is rendered or declared
illegal or  unenforceable  by reason of any  existing  or  subsequently  enacted
legislation  or by decree of a court of last  resort,  the parties  hereto shall
promptly meet and negotiate substitute provisions for those rendered or declared
illegal or unenforceable,  but all of the remaining provisions of this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect.

     20.  Headings.  The  headings  of the  sections  herein  are  inserted  for
convenience  of reference only and are not intended to be a part of or to affect
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

     21. Execution. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts each
of which  shall be deemed an  original  and all of which  shall  constitute  one
instrument.





            [The rest of this page has been intentionally left blank]
                                       11
<PAGE>


     EXECUTED as of the date first set forth above.

                            FERRELLGAS TRADING CORP.

                            By: /s/ Kenneth A. Heinz
                            ----------------------------------------------------
                            Name:  Kenneth A. Heinz
                            Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Development


                            FERRELLGAS PARTNERS, L.P.

                            By:  Ferrellgas, Inc., its general partner

                            By: /s/ Kenneth A. Heinz
                            ----------------------------------------------------
                            Name:  Kenneth A. Heinz
                            Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Development



                            FERRELLGAS, L.P.

                            By:  Ferrellgas, Inc., its general partner

                            By: /s/ Kenneth A. Heinz
                            ----------------------------------------------------
                            Name:  Kenneth A. Heinz
                            Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Development

                            FERRELLGAS, INC.



                            By: /s/ Kenneth A. Heinz
                            ----------------------------------------------------
                            Name:  Kenneth A. Heinz
                            Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Development


                                       12

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
