 EXHIBIT 2.1    EXHIBIT 2.1   ***TEXT
OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED UNDER  17 C.F.R. SECTIONS 200.80(b)(4)  AND
240.24b-2  ================================================================================  
EXECUTION COPY   PRODUCT ACQUISITION AGREEMENT   by and between  
VALEANT PHARMACEUTICALS NORTH AMERICA   (as buyer)   and   INTERMUNE,
INC.   (as
seller)  ================================================================================  
November 28, 2005     TABLE OF CONTENTS    Section Page -------
----  ~~  ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS 1  SECTION 1.1. DEFINED TERMS 1  SECTION
1.2. CONSTRUCTION 12  ARTICLE II - THE TRANSACTION 12  SECTION 2.1.
TRANSFER OF PURCHASED ASSETS AND INVENTORY. 12  SECTION 2.2. EXCLUDED ASSETS.
13  SECTION 2.3. ASSUMED LIABILITIES 14  SECTION 2.4. EXCLUDED LIABILITIES.
14  SECTION 2.5. PURCHASE PRICE AND INVENTORY COST 14  SECTION 2.6. RISK OF
LOSS 15  ARTICLE III - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 16  SECTION
3.1. ORGANIZATION AND AUTHORITY 16  SECTION 3.2. TITLE TO PURCHASED ASSETS
AND INVENTORY 16  SECTION 3.3. CONSENTS; NO VIOLATIONS. 16  SECTION 3.4.
REGULATORY APPROVALS. 17  SECTION 3.5. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND LITIGATION.
17  SECTION 3.6. NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. 18  SECTION 3.7. CONTRACTS.
18  SECTION 3.8. INVENTORY AND RETURNS. 18  SECTION 3.9. TAX MATTERS 19 
SECTION 3.10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. 19  SECTION 3.11. PRODUCT RECORDS 21 
SECTION 3.12. BROKERS, FINDERS, ETC 21  SECTION 3.13. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
21  SECTION 3.14. INSURANCE. 21  SECTION 3.15. SUFFICIENCY 22  SECTION
3.16. GOVERNMENT MULTI-PRODUCT CONTRACTS. 22  SECTION 3.17. REGULATORY
COMPLIANCE 23  SECTION 3.18. PRODUCT REGISTRATIONS. 24  SECTION 3.19. NO
OTHER WARRANTIES 25  SECTION 3.20. ADEQUACY OF DISCLOSURE 25  ARTICLE IV -
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 25  SECTION 4.1. ORGANIZATION AND
AUTHORITY 25  SECTION 4.2. CONSENTS; NO VIOLATIONS. 26  SECTION 4.3.
BROKERS, FINDERS, ETC 26  SECTION 4.4. FINANCING 26  SECTION 4.5. LITIGATION
26  ARTICLE V - COVENANTS OF SELLER PRIOR TO CLOSING 27  SECTION 5.1.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION 27  SECTION 5.2. CONDUCT OF THE PRODUCT BUSINESS. 27 
SECTION 5.3. REQUIRED APPROVALS AND CONSENTS 27  SECTION 5.4. NOTICE OF
DEFAULT 27  SECTION 5.5. NO NEGOTIATION 28  SECTION 5.6. REASONABLE BEST
EFFORTS 28  SECTION 5.7. TRANSITION ACTIVITIES. 28     -i-      ~~
 ARTICLE VI - COVENANTS OF BUYER PRIOR TO CLOSING 28  SECTION 6.1. REQUIRED
APPROVALS AND CONSENTS 28  SECTION 6.2. NOTICE OF DEFAULT 28  SECTION 6.3.
REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS 29  ARTICLE VII - CLOSING AND TERMINATION 29 
SECTION 7.1. CLOSING 29  SECTION 7.2. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS
OF  BUYER AND SELLER 29  SECTION 7.3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BUYER\'S
OBLIGATIONS 29  SECTION 7.4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO SELLER\'S OBLIGATIONS
30  SECTION 7.5. CLOSING DELIVERIES. 31  SECTION 7.6. TERMINATION 32 
SECTION 7.7. PROCEDURE AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION 33  ARTICLE VIII - CERTAIN
OTHER COVENANTS 33  SECTION 8.1. HSR FILINGS 33  SECTION 8.2. INVENTORY COST
ADJUSTMENT 34  SECTION 8.3. PRODUCT RETURNS, REBATES AND CHARGEBACKS 35 
SECTION 8.4. TRANSITIONAL TRADEMARK LICENSE. 38  SECTION 8.5. CUSTOMER
BILLING 39  SECTION 8.6. COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE 39  SECTION 8.7.
COOPERATION. 39  SECTION 8.8. CLINICAL TRIALS 40  SECTION 8.9. EMPLOYEES
40  SECTION 8.10. TAX MATTERS. 40  SECTION 8.11. NOTICE TO CUSTOMERS 42 
SECTION 8.12. ASSISTANCE IN SUPPLY OF PRODUCT 42  SECTION 8.13. ADVERSE
EXPERIENCE REPORTS 42  SECTION 8.14. REGULATORY MATTERS. 42  SECTION 8.15.
DIFFERENTIATION OF PRODUCT 43  SECTION 8.16. [***] 43  SECTION 8.17. BOOKS
AND RECORDS 44  SECTION 8.18. NON-EXCLUSIVE LICENSE 44  SECTION 8.19.
ASSISTANCE REGARDING REQUIRED SEC  FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 44  ARTICLE IX -
INDEMNIFICATION 45  SECTION 9.1. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
45  SECTION 9.2. INDEMNIFICATION. 45  SECTION 9.3. INDEMNIFICATION
PROCEDURES. 47  SECTION 9.4. LIMITATIONS. 49  SECTION 9.5. RIGHT OF SETOFF
49  ARTICLE X - MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 49  SECTION 10.1. CONFIDENTIALITY
AND PUBLICITY. 49  SECTION 10.2. NOTICES 51  SECTION 10.3. MODIFICATION;
WAIVER 52  SECTION 10.4. EXPENSES 52  SECTION 10.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT 52 
SECTION 10.6. ASSIGNMENT 53  SECTION 10.7. THIRD PARTIES 53  SECTION 10.8.
WAIVER 53  SECTION 10.9. SEVERABILITY 53  SECTION 10.10. GOVERNING LAW 53 
SECTION 10.11. HEADINGS 53     -ii- ***CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT
REQUESTED      ~~   SECTION 10.12. EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS 53 
SECTION 10.13. FORCE MAJEURE 53  SECTION 10.14. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
54  SECTION 10.15. ARBITRATION 54     -iii-     PRODUCT ACQUISITION
AGREEMENT   This PRODUCT ACQUISITION AGREEMENT (as amended from time to
time, the "Agreement"), dated November 28, 2005 (the "Execution Date"), is
made and entered into by and between VALEANT PHARMACEUTICALS NORTH AMERICA, a
Delaware corporation (the "Buyer"), and INTERMUNE, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the "Seller"). Buyer and Seller are sometimes collectively
referred to herein as the "Parties" and separately as a "Party."  
RECITALS   WHEREAS, Seller is a biopharmaceutical company focused on
developing and commercializing innovative therapies in hepatology and
pulmonology;   WHEREAS, Buyer is a global, research-based, specialty
pharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, manufactures and markets
pharmaceutical products, primarily in the areas of neurology, dermatology and
infectious disease;   WHEREAS, Seller has determined that the sale of
certain products and product related rights at this time is consistent with
its current business strategy;   WHEREAS, Buyer has determined that the
acquisition of those certain products and product related rights at this time
is consistent with its current business strategy; and   WHEREAS, Seller
desires to sell such products and product related rights to Buyer, and Buyer
desires to purchase such products and product related rights from Seller, on
the terms and conditions set forth herein.   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the promises, representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:   ARTICLE I --
DEFINITIONS   SECTION 1.1. DEFINED TERMS. For the purposes of this
Agreement, the following words and phrases shall have the following meanings
whether in the singular or the plural:   "Affiliate" shall mean any Person
which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the
applicable Person. For purposes of this definition, "control" shall mean: (a)
in the case of corporate entities, direct or indirect ownership of at least
fifty percent (50%) of the stock or shares (or such lesser percentage which
is the maximum allowed to be owned by a foreign corporation in a particular
jurisdiction) entitled to vote for the election of directors or otherwise
having the power to vote on or direct the affairs of such Person; and (b) in
the case of    -1-    non-corporate entities, direct or indirect
ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the equity interest or the power
to direct the management and policies of such non-corporate entities.  
"AGHC Trial" shall mean the AGHC-002 (IND #11,599) Phase 2, randomized, dose-
ranging, open label study of safety and tolerability of consensus interferon-
alpha (CIFN) plus interferon gamma-1b (IFN-y 1b) with or without Ribavirin
(RBV) in the treatment of patients with chronic Hepatitis C who
are nonresponders to pegylated-interferon-a (2a or 2b) plus RBV.  
"Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of
this Agreement.   "Amgen" means Amgen Inc.   "Amgen Agreements" means the
Amgen License Agreement, Amgen Assignment, Assumption and Consent Agreement,
and Amgen Quality Agreement.   "Amgen Assignment, Assumption and Consent
Agreement" means the Assignment, Assumption and Consent Agreement, dated June
15, 2001, by and among Amgen, InterMune, and Yamanouchi Europe, B.V.  
"Amgen Consent" means that certain consent, in the form agreed upon by Buyer
and Seller on or prior to the date hereof, to be executed by Amgen, Buyer and
Seller pursuant to which Amgen consents to Seller assigning to Buyer
the Amgen Agreements.   "Amgen License Agreement" shall mean that certain
License and Commercialization Agreement, dated June 15, 2001, by and between
Amgen, Inc. and Seller, as amended from time to time, including but not
limited to that certain Amendment No. 1, dated April 24, 2002, that certain
Amendment Number 2, dated December 31, 2004, and that certain Amendment No.
Three, dated January 13, 2005.   "Amgen License Rights" shall mean all of
the rights of Seller, including but not limited to Seller\'s rights as
licensee and sublicensee, under the Amgen License Agreement.   "Amgen
Quality Agreement" means the Quality Agreement, dated March 22, 2002, between
Amgen and Seller.   "Ancillary Agreements" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7.3(g).   "Applicable Law" shall mean all applicable provisions
of all statutes, laws, rules, regulations, administrative codes, ordinances,
decrees, orders, decisions, guidance documents, injunctions, awards,
judgments, and permits and licenses of or from Governmental Authorities
relating to or governing the use or regulation of the subject item,
including, where applicable, Tax Law.   "Asset Acquisition Statement" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 8.10(a).    -2-     "Assumed
Liabilities" shall mean the Liabilities set forth in Section 2.3.   "Basket"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(a).   "BI Austria" means
Boehringer Ingelheim Austria GmbH.   "BI Austria Agreement" means that
certain Data Transfer, Clinical Trial and Market Supply Agreement, dated
November 3, 2005, by and between BI Austria and Seller, as amended from time
to time   "Bill of Sale" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
7.5(a)(i).   "BLA" means the application for Infergen prepared pursuant to
applicable FDA Regulations and filed with the FDA for authorization to market
Infergen within the United States.   "Business Day" means a day, which is
not a Saturday, a Sunday, or a statutory holiday in the United States.  
"Buyer" shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of
this Agreement.   "Buyer Indemnitee" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.2(a).   "Buyer Labeling" means the printed labels, labeling and
packaging materials, including printed carton, container labels and package
inserts, used by Buyer and bearing Buyer\'s name for, or in connection with,
packaging of Infergen.   "Buyer Losses" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.2(a).   "Buyer Proprietary Information" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 10.1(b).   "Buyer\'s Closing Certificate" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 7.4(c).   "Cap" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 9.4(a).   "Cardinal Health Acknowledgement" means that
certain written acknowledgement from Cardinal Health, in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to Buyer, pursuant to which Cardinal Health shall
acknowledge and agree to continue to provide to Seller, for the benefit of
Buyer, through ninety days following the Closing, the same services,
including but not limited to inventory storage, distribution, accounts
payable and accounts receivable services, at the same cost as Cardinal Health
is currently providing to Seller under that certain Distribution Services
Agreement, dated January 15, 1999.   "Chargeback Claims" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 8.3(d).    -3-     "Clinical Trials" shall
mean, collectively, the IRHC-001 Trial, the IRHC-002 Trial, the IRHC-003
Trial, and the IST Trials.   "Clinical Trial Inventory" shall mean the
pharmaceutical products listed on Schedule 1.1, being the pharmaceutical
products held in inventory, estimated as of [***], by Seller for use by
Seller in the Clinical Trials and transferred to Buyer on the Closing Date in
accordance with Section 2.1(d); provided, however, that Clinical Trial
Inventory shall not include such amounts of pharmaceutical products as
required by Seller to complete the AGHC Trial.   "Closing" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 7.1.   "Closing Date" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 7.1.   "Closing Payment" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2.5(a).   "Code" means the United States Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.   "Confidentiality Agreement" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 10.1.   "Contract" shall mean any agreement,
contract, lease, consensual obligation, promise, or undertaking (whether
written or oral), to which Seller is a party that relates exclusively to the
Product, the Product Business, the Purchased Assets, or the Assumed
Liabilities, or which are necessary for the conduct of the Product Business
as conducted by the Seller.   "Effective Time" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 7.1.   "Encumbrance" shall mean claims, security interests,
liens, pledges, charges, escrows, options, proxies, rights of first refusal,
preemptive rights, mortgages, hypothecations, assessments, prior assignments,
title retention agreements, conditional sales agreements, indentures, deeds
of trust, leases, levys or security agreements of any kind whatsoever imposed
upon the subject property or item.   "Estimated Inventory Cost" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(b).   "Estimated Inventory Statement"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(a).   "Execution Date"
shall mean the date set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.  
"Excluded Assets" shall mean all assets and properties of Seller, other than
the Purchased Assets, Other Intellectual Property, Inventory (subject to the
Inventory Cap), and Clinical Trial Inventory.   "Excluded Intellectual
Property" shall mean all Intellectual Property owned or controlled by Seller
other than the Product Intellectual Property and the Other Intellectual
Property.    -4- ***CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED     "Excluded
Liabilities" shall mean all Liabilities or obligations of Seller (other than
the Assumed Liabilities), including any obligation or Liability of Seller
created as a result of this Agreement and those items set forth on Schedule
2.4(a).   "FDA" means the United States Food and Drug Administration.  
"FSS" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(d).   "Government
Multi-Product Contracts" means all written contracts or agreements by which
Seller dispenses Infergen through a government agency, together with other
pharmaceutical products of Seller.   "Governmental Authority" means the
government of the applicable country in the Territory and any state,
province, municipality or other political subdivision thereof or therein, or
any court, tribunal, agency, department, board, instrumentality, authority or
commission (including regulatory and administrative bodies) of any of the
foregoing.   "HSR Act" shall mean the U.S. Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   "Indemnification Claim Notice" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 8.2(b).   "Indemnified Party" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 8.2(b).   "Indemnifying Party" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 8.2(b).   "Indemnitee(s)" shall mean either a
Buyer Indemnitee or Seller Indemnitee, as the case may be.   "Infergen"
shall mean the finished pharmaceutical product containing interferon
alfacon-1 in the formulation sold by Seller under the trademark Infergen(R)
prior to the Closing.   "Instruments of Transfer" shall mean such
instruments and documents in addition to the Ancillary Agreements that are
necessary pursuant to Applicable Law to effectuate and consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby, including, bills of sale, assumption
agreements, assignment and assumption of contracts and other conveyance
documents in the forms agreed-upon in good faith by the Parties.  
"Intellectual Property" shall mean all domestic and foreign (i)
trademarks, trademark registrations, trademark applications, service marks,
service mark registrations, service mark applications, business marks, brand
names, trade names, trade dress, names, logos and slogans, internet domains
and URLs, and all goodwill associated therewith; (ii) patents, patent rights,
provisional patent applications, patent applications, designs, registered
designs, registered design applications, industrial designs, industrial
design applications and industrial design registrations,   
-5-    including any and all divisions, continuations, continuations in
part, extensions, substitutions, renewals, registrations,
revalidations, reexaminations, reissues or additions, including supplementary
certificates of protection, of or to any of the foregoing items; (iii)
copyrights, copyright registrations, copyright applications, original works
of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression, including literary
works (including all forms and types of computer software, including all
source code, object code, firmware, development tools, files, records and
data, and all documentation related to any of the foregoing), musical,
dramatic, pictorial, graphic and sculptured works; (iv) trade secrets,
technology, discoveries and improvements, know how, proprietary rights,
formulae, confidential and proprietary information, technical information,
techniques, inventions, designs, drawings, procedures, processes, models,
formulations, manuals and systems, whether or not patentable or
copyrightable, including all biological, chemical,
biochemical, toxicological, pharmacological and metabolic material and
information and data relating thereto and formulation, clinical, analytical
and stability information and data which have actual or potential commercial
value and are not available in the public domain; and (v) all other
intellectual property or proprietary rights, in each case whether or not
subject to statutory registration or protection.   "Inventory" shall mean
the Infergen owned or controlled by Seller for Seller\'s marketing and sale
in the Territory, which (i) are in finished dosage form, including Seller\'s
trade dress, (ii) are of a quality usable and salable in the ordinary course
of business, (iii) comprise unsold lots, and (iv) as of the Closing Date,
have at least two-thirds of their shelf life remaining. For the avoidance of
doubt, for purposes of this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly stated
herein, the term "Inventory" shall not include (and, among other things,
Buyer shall not be required to purchase pursuant hereto) the Clinical Trial
Inventory or any Infergen which does not satisfy all of the foregoing
conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Agreement, the
term "Inventory" shall include Infergen held in inventory by Seller and
acquired by Seller from Amgen under Purchase Order No. 6273; provided, that
such Infergen otherwise satisfies all of the conditions of subparagraphs
(i)-(iv) above and is subject to the Inventory Cap, all as otherwise provided
in this Agreement.   "Inventory Cap" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1(b).   "Inventory Cost" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 8.2(b).   "Inventory Statement" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 8.2(b).   "IP Assignment" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7.5(a)(i).   "IRHC-001 Trial" means the randomized, open-label,
phase III investigational research study (identified as IRHC-001) designed by
and initiated by Seller as of the date hereof to evaluate the safety and
efficacy of daily administration of Infergen plus ribavirin versus no
treatment in patients infected with the hepatitis C virus (HCV) who have not
responded to previous combination therapy with pegylated interferon alfa plus
ribavirin.    -6-     "IRHC-002 Trial" means the randomized, open-label
phase III investigational research study (identified as IRHC-002) designed by
and initiated by Seller as of the date hereof to evaluate the safety and
efficacy of two dose levels of daily Infergen plus ribavirin in patients
infected with the hepatitis C virus (HCV) who failed to achieve virologic
response after previous pegylated interferon alfa plus ribavirin therapy and
during at least 24 weeks of no treatment in the IRHC-001 Trial.   "IRHC-003
Trial" means the single arm study of daily Infergen plus ribavirin in
patients infected with the hepatitis C virus (HCV) as designed and presented
in the briefing package prepared and submitted to FDA on September 22, 2005
in connection with a meeting with the Division of Antiviral Drug
Products held on October 24, 2005.   "IRS" means the United States Internal
Revenue Service.   "IST Trials" means all investigator-sponsored trials with
respect to Infergen as set forth on Section 3.17(j) of the Seller Disclosure
Schedule.   "Knowledge of the Buyer" or "to Buyer\'s Knowledge" or any
similar such statement shall mean that an executive officer or director of
Buyer, or a key employee of Buyer directly involved on behalf of Buyer in the
transactions contemplated herein, either (i) has or had actual knowledge of a
fact or matter, or (ii) could reasonably be expected to have become aware of
the fact or matter had he or she conducted a reasonable investigation
regarding the accuracy of the subject representation or warranty.  
"Knowledge of the Seller" or "to Seller\'s Knowledge" or any similar
such statement shall mean that an executive officer or director of Seller, or
a key employee of Seller directly involved in the Product Business, either
(i) has or had actual knowledge of a fact or matter, or (ii) could reasonably
be expected to have become aware of the fact or matter had he or she
conducted a reasonable investigation regarding the accuracy of the subject
representation or warranty.   "Liability" shall mean, collectively, any
indebtedness, guaranty, endorsement, claim, loss, damage, deficiency, cost,
expense, obligation or responsibility, fixed or unfixed, known or unknown,
choate or inchoate, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, direct
or indirect, matured or unmatured, or absolute, contingent or otherwise,
including any product liability.   "Material Adverse Change" means any
change, event or occurrence that has, or has had, or is reasonably likely to
have, a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that for purposes hereof,
the commencement of, threatened commencement of, or announced intention to
commence any action or investigation of the Product Business prior to the
Closing by the U.S. Department of Justice, the Office of the Inspector
General, or any other Governmental Authority shall constitute a Material
Adverse Change.    -7-     "Material Adverse Effect" means a material
adverse effect upon (i) the business, financial condition or results of
operations of the Product Business or the Purchased Assets, or (ii) the
ability of a Party to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, other than (a) any change, effect, event or condition that arises
from changes in general economic conditions or conditions affecting the
pharmaceutical industry generally, or (b) such changes, events or conditions
resulting from the announcement of, or the consummation of, the transactions
contemplated hereby.   "Material Consents" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7.3(c).   "Nektar Agreements" means the (i) Development,
Licensing and Manufacturing Agreement dated as of June 20, 2002 by and
between Seller and Nektar Therapeutics (successor-in-interest to Shearwater
Corporation) and (ii) Collaborative Research Agreement dated as of December
19, 2001 by and between Seller and Nektar Therapeutics (successor-in-interest
to Shearwater Corporation).   "[***]" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 8.16(a).   "[***]" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
8.16(a).   "[***]" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.16(b).  
"Other Intellectual Property" shall mean the Intellectual Property listed on
Schedule 2.1(c), being that certain Intellectual Property owned by Seller
as of the Execution Date that is not included within the Purchased Assets but
that will be conveyed to Buyer as of the Effective Time in accordance with
Section 2.1(c).   "Party" or "Parties" shall have the meaning set forth in
the first paragraph of this Agreement.   "Permitted Encumbrances" means (i)
the Encumbrances and exceptions set forth in Section 3.2 of the Seller
Disclosure Schedule, and (ii) liens imposed by any Governmental Authority for
Taxes not yet due and payable, or for Taxes that Seller is contesting in good
faith.   "Person" shall mean any natural person, corporation,
unincorporated organization, partnership, association, joint stock company,
joint venture, limited liability company, trust or government, or any agency
or political subdivision of any government, or any other entity.   "Prime
Rate" shall mean the rate of interest that Citibank N.A. lists as its prime
lending rate on the last day of the applicable calendar quarter, or if such
rate is not available, the prime lending rate listed in the New York
City, USA version of The Wall Street Journal on the last day of the
applicable calendar quarter.    -8- ***CONFIDENTIAL TREATEMENT
REQEUSTED     "Product" shall mean any finished pharmaceutical product
containing interferon alphacon-1, including Infergen.   "Product Business"
shall mean the manufacturing, using, developing, promoting, selling, offering
to sell, or importing of Infergen for sale in the Territory as currently
being conducted by Seller; provided, however, that Product Business shall not
include the development of Infergen in combination with Actimmune.  
"Product Copyrights" means, as owned, licensed or controlled by Seller
and exclusively related to the Product Business, the copyrights (whether or
not registered) and registrations and applications for registration or
renewals thereof, including all derivative works, moral rights, renewals,
extensions, reversions or restorations associated with such copyrights, now
or hereafter provided by law, regardless of the medium of fixation or means
of expression, and all goodwill associated therewith listed on Section
3.10(b)(iii) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.   "Product Domains" means,
as owned, licensed or controlled by Seller and exclusively related to the
Product Business, the internet domains and URLs in the Territory, listed on
Section 3.10(b)(iv) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.   "Product
Intellectual Property" shall mean the Amgen License Rights, Product
Copyrights, Product Domains, Product Know-How, Product Patents,
Product Trademarks, and Product Trade Dress, listed on Sections 3.10(b)(i) to
(iv) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.   "Product Know How" means, as
owned, licensed or controlled by Seller and exclusively related to the
Product Business, including as developed in connection with the Clinical
Trials, the research and development information, validation methods and
procedures, unpatented inventions, know-how, trade secrets, technical or
other data or information, or other materials, methods, procedures,
processes, materials, developments or technology, including all biological,
chemical, clinical, manufacturing and other information or data, other than
such know-how which is or becomes the subject of a patent or of a provisional
or filed patent application.   "Product Patents" means, as owned, licensed
or controlled by Seller and exclusively related to the Product Business, the
patents, patent applications, provisional patent applications and similar
instruments (including any and all substitutions, divisions, continuations,
continuations-in-part, reissues, renewals, extensions, reexaminations,
patents of addition, supplementary protection certificates, inventors\'
certificates, pediatric data package exclusivity extensions, divisions, re-
filings, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, or the like) as
well as any foreign equivalents thereof (including certificates of invention
and any applications therefor), listed on Section 3.10(b)(i) of the Seller
Disclosure Schedule.   "Product Records" shall mean all files, documents,
instruments, papers, books and records owned or controlled by Seller, whether
in electronic or tangible form, to the extent relating to the Product
Business, including any pricing lists, customer lists, vendor lists,
financial    -9-    data, research and development files, marketing
materials (if any), regulatory files, adverse event reports and files,
clinical studies and all documentation relating to the Product Intellectual
Property, but excluding any such items to the extent that any Applicable Law
prohibits their transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to delivering
or making the Product Records available to Buyer, Seller shall be entitled to
redact from the Product Records any information that does not relate
exclusively to the Product Business.   "Product Registrations" shall mean
all applications (including the BLA), new drug applications, abbreviated new
drug applications, new drug submissions, and any comparable applications and
submissions, together with any and all supplements or modifications or
amendments thereto, whether existing, pending, withdrawn or in draft form,
together with all correspondence to or from any Governmental Authority with
respect thereto, prepared and submitted to any Governmental Authority in the
Territory with respect to Infergen.   "Product Returns" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 8.3(a).   "Product Trade Dress" means, as
owned, licensed or controlled by Seller, the trade dress, logos and designs
exclusively related to the Product Business, listed on Section 3.10(b)(ii) of
the Seller Disclosure Schedule.   "Product Trademarks" means, as owned,
licensed or controlled by Seller and exclusively related to the Product
Business, the trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans and trade names
(whether or not registered), in the Territory, including all variations,
derivations, combinations, registrations and applications for registration or
renewals of the foregoing and all goodwill associated therewith, listed on
Section 3.10(b)(ii) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.   "Promotional
Materials" shall mean, to the extent exclusively related to the Product
Business, all advertising, promotional, selling and marketing materials in
written or electronic form existing as of the Closing and owned or controlled
and in the possession of Seller.   "Purchased Assets" shall mean,
collectively, the Contracts, Regulatory Approvals, Promotional Materials,
Product Records and the Product Intellectual Property.   "Purchase Price"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.   "Regulatory Approvals"
shall mean, as exclusively related to Infergen in the Territory and/or
Seller\'s operation of the Product Business, all material permits, licenses,
certificates, approvals, Product Registrations, filings and authorizations
issued by any Governmental Authority to Seller or its representatives.  
"Returns" means all returns (including information returns),
declarations, reports, statements, schedules, notices, forms, declarations
and other documents or information filed with or submitted to, or required
under a Tax Law to be filed with or submitted to a Governmental   
-10-    Authority in respect of Taxes or any Tax Law relating to any Tax
(and "Return" means any one of the foregoing Returns).   "Schedules" shall
refer to the schedules to this Agreement which are hereby incorporated by
reference into this Agreement.   "Seller" shall have the meaning set forth
in the first paragraph of this Agreement.   "Seller Disclosure Schedule"
shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of Article III.  
"Seller Indemnitee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(b).  
"Seller Losses" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(b).  
"Seller Marks" shall mean all Trademarks and trade dress owned, licensed
or controlled by Seller, aside from the Product Trademarks and Product Trade
Dress, that are used in connection with the Product Business and the
Assumed Liabilities as of the Execution Date.   "Seller Proprietary
Information" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(c).  
"Seller\'s Closing Certificate" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7.3(e).   "Statement of Allocation" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 8.10(a).   "[***]" means, in an [***], the [***] with
[***] by both [***] at [***].   "Taxes" means, with respect to the
Territory, all federal, state, local, foreign and other income, net income,
gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, capital
stock, franchise, profits, license, service, add on or alternative minimum
tax, occupancy, withholding, payroll, fringe benefits, employment,
employees\' income withholding, foreign or domestic
withholding, unemployment, disability, excise, severance, stamp, value added,
occupation, premium, property (including, real property and personal property
taxes and any assessments, special or otherwise), environmental, windfall
profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments, levies, tariffs,
or charges of any kind that are in the nature of a tax, together with any
interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with
respect thereto (and "Tax" means any one of the foregoing Taxes).   "Tax
Law" means, with respect to the Territory, a statute, law, regulation or
administrative rule or judicial opinion enacted, issued or promulgated
for the determination, imposition, assessment or collection of any Tax.  
"Termination Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
8.16(c).    -11- ***CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED     "Territory"
means the United States of America, Canada and their respective territories
and possessions.   "Third Party" shall mean any Person other than Buyer or
Seller, or an Affiliate of either of them.   "Trademarks" means all
trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans and trade names (whether or not
registered), in the Territory, including all variations, derivations,
combinations, registrations and applications for registration or renewals of
the foregoing and all goodwill associated therewith.   "Transfer Taxes"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.10(b).   "Treasury
Regulations" shall mean the income tax regulations issued under the Code.  
"Valid Claim" shall mean shall mean a claim in any (i) unexpired and
issued patent in the Product Patents rights that has not been (a) held
permanently revoked, unenforceable or invalid by a final unappealable
decision of a court or government agency of competent jurisdiction over such
claim or (b) admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through disclaimers,
consent decrees or otherwise, or (ii) pending patent application in the
Product Patents rights that has been on file with the applicable patent
office for not more than five (5) years and for which there has been
reasonably consistent activity to advance to issuance of a patent.  
SECTION 1.2. CONSTRUCTION. Unless the context of this Agreement
otherwise requires: (a) words of any gender include each other gender; (b)
"dollars" refers to U.S. dollars; (c) words using the singular or plural
number also include the plural or singular number, respectively; (d) the
terms "hereof," "herein," "hereby" and derivative or similar words refer to
this entire Agreement; (e) the terms "Article," "Section" or "Exhibit" refer
to the specified Article, Section or Exhibit of this Agreement; and (f) the
term "including" or any variation thereof means "including without
limitation" or any variation thereof and shall not be construed to limit any
general statement which it follows to the specific or similar items or
matters immediately following it, unless otherwise expressly stated.  
ARTICLE II -- THE TRANSACTION   SECTION 2.1. TRANSFER OF PURCHASED ASSETS,
INVENTORY, OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND CLINICAL TRIAL INVENTORY.   (a)
Purchase and Sale of Purchased Assets. At the Effective Time, on the terms
and subject to the conditions hereof and in reliance upon
the representations, warranties and covenants contained herein and in
consideration of the Purchase Price paid to Seller by Buyer, Seller will
sell, convey, transfer, assign and deliver to the Buyer, and the Buyer will
purchase, take delivery of and acquire from Seller, all of Seller\'s right,
title and interest in and to the Purchased Assets.    -12-     (b)
Purchase and Sale of Inventory. At the Effective Time, on the terms and
subject to the conditions hereof and in reliance upon the representations,
warranties and covenants contained herein and in consideration of the
Inventory Cost paid to Seller by Buyer, Seller will sell, convey, transfer,
assign and deliver to the Buyer, and the Buyer will purchase and acquire from
Seller, all of Seller\'s right, title and interest in and to the Inventory;
provided, however, Buyer shall only be required to purchase up to $6.5
million of Inventory hereunder (the "Inventory Cap") and Seller shall retain
all Inventory (other than the Clinical Trial Inventory) in excess of
the Inventory Cap.   (c) Transfer of Other Intellectual Property. At the
Effective Time, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, Seller
shall convey, transfer, assign and deliver to Buyer, at no additional cost to
Buyer, and Buyer shall acquire from Seller, all of Seller\'s rights, title,
and interest in and to the Other Intellectual Property. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Buyer hereby grants Seller a non-exclusive, fully paid-up and
royalty free license to the Other Intellectual Property solely for activities
permitted by Section 8.6 of this Agreement. If Buyer elects to prosecute the
Other Intellectual Property, Buyer will assume responsibility for such
prosecution and will promptly provide Seller with copies of official
prosecution correspondence and provide Seller with reasonable time to
consider and comment upon prosecution strategy, such comments to be
considered by Buyer in good faith. In the event Buyer decides to abandon any
patent or patent application included in the Other Intellectual
Property, Buyer will give Seller at least thirty (30) days prior written
notice to decide whether or not Seller wishes to assume responsibility for
such patent or patent application, in which case Buyer shall assign and
transfer such patent or patent application back to Seller.   (d) Transfer
of Clinical Trial Inventory. At the Effective Time, on the terms and subject
to the conditions hereof, Seller shall convey, transfer, assign and deliver
to Buyer, at no additional cost to Buyer, and Buyer shall acquire from
Seller, all of Seller\'s rights, title, and interest in and to the Clinical
Trial Inventory. On the weekend immediately preceding the Closing
Date, Seller shall temporarily halt the use of pharmaceutical products to be
used by Seller in the Clinical Trials, in order to allow Seller to conduct a
review of those of its locations at which pharmaceutical products used by
Seller in the Clinical Trials are located in order to determine the exact
quantities of Clinical Trials Inventory that will be transferred to Buyer
hereunder, and Seller shall provide Buyer with an itemized list of the
Clinical Trials Inventory the next Business Day.   SECTION 2.2. EXCLUDED
ASSETS.   (a) Excluded Assets. The Parties acknowledge and agree that Seller
is not selling, conveying, transferring, delivering, assigning any
rights whatsoever to the Excluded Assets to Buyer, and Buyer is not
purchasing, taking delivery of or acquiring any rights whatsoever to the
Excluded Assets from Seller.   (b) Excluded Intellectual Property. Buyer
expressly acknowledges it is not acquiring any rights whatsoever to the
Excluded Intellectual Property, including the "InterMune" name or any
variations and derivatives thereof and any other logos or trademarks of
Seller not included in the Product Intellectual Property, or the Other
Intellectual Property, other than the    -13-    limited rights to use
the Seller Marks for the limited transition period pursuant to the provisions
of Section 8.4 and other than as specifically provided in Section 8.18.  
SECTION 2.3. ASSUMED LIABILITIES. As of the Effective Time, Buyer
shall assume and agree to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, in accordance
with their respective terms and subject to the respective conditions thereof,
only the following Liabilities (collectively, the "Assumed Liabilities"):  
(a) Any Liability arising after the Effective Time under any Contract listed
on Schedule 2.3(a) (other than any Liability arising out of or relating to a
breach of such Contract which occurred prior to the Effective Time);   (b)
Any Liability arising after the Effective Time under any Contract which was
entered into by Seller after the Execution Date in accordance with
the provisions of Section 5.2 (other than any Liability arising out of or
relating to a breach of such Contract which occurred prior to the Effective
Time); and   (c) Any other Liability specifically set forth on Schedule
2.3(c) hereto.  For avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 2.3 is
intended to, or shall be interpreted to, limit or otherwise reduce the
Liabilities of Buyer as they may occur and/or exist after the Effective Time
solely by virtue of Buyer\'s ownership of the Purchased Assets or operation
of the Product Business, but rather, this Section 2.3 is solely intended to
identify and provide for the assumption by Buyer of those Liabilities of
Seller that are specifically assumed by Buyer hereunder and which, but for
such assumption, would remain Liabilities of Seller.   SECTION 2.4.
EXCLUDED LIABILITIES.   (a) The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that,
other than the Assumed Liabilities, Buyer shall not be responsible for,
assume, or be obligated to pay, perform or otherwise discharge any
Liabilities of Seller, whether or not related to the Product Business,
including any Excluded Liabilities as set forth on Schedule 2.4(a). The
Parties acknowledge that in no event shall the foregoing sentence be
construed to limit Buyer\'s obligations under Article IX.   (b) The Parties
hereby acknowledge and agree Seller shall not be responsible for, assume, or
be obligated to pay, perform or otherwise discharge any obligations or
liabilities of Buyer. The Parties acknowledge that in no event shall the
foregoing sentence be construed to limit Seller\'s obligations under Article
IX.   SECTION 2.5. PURCHASE PRICE AND INVENTORY COST. In addition to
the assumption by Buyer of the Assumed Liabilities pursuant to Section 2.3,
Buyer will pay to Seller (x) the payments set forth in Section 2.5(a) to
2.5(e) below for the Purchased Assets (the "Purchase Price"), and (y) the
Inventory Cost for the Inventory, as follows:   (a) On the Closing Date,
Buyer (or its Affiliates) will transfer to Seller in accordance with the
written instructions provided to Buyer by Seller, (i) One Hundred
Thirteen    -14-    Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars
($113,500,000) (the "Closing Payment"), plus (ii) the Estimated Inventory
Cost for the Inventory. Thereafter, the final Inventory Cost will be
determined and a final reconciliation payment with respect thereto will be
made in accordance with Section 8.2;   (b) Buyer will transfer to Seller in
accordance with the written instructions provided to Buyer by Seller, a one
time cash milestone payment of Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) within five
(5) Business Days of the completion of the key tables and listings generated
from the locked clinical database following the last patient visit in the
IRHC-001 Trial;   (c) Buyer will transfer to Seller in accordance with the
written instructions provided to Buyer by Seller, a one time cash milestone
payment of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) within five (5) Business Days of
[***] of a [***] to the [***] of [***] in [***] with [***]; provided,
however, that if [***] has not [***], in lieu of such $10 million milestone
payment, a one-time cash milestone payment will be paid no later than January
15, 2010 as follows:   (i) if, upon completion of the IRHC-001 Trial, the
[***] in [***] of  the IRHC-001 Trial is [***] or [***] ([***]%), Buyer will
have no  obligation to pay a milestone payment pursuant to this Section
2.5(c);   (ii) if, upon completion of the IRHC-001 Trial, the [***] the
[***] of  [***] of the IRHC-001 Trial is [***] or [***] ([***]%) but [***]
([***]%),  the cash milestone payment will equal Five Million Dollars
($5,000,000);   (iii) if, upon completion of the IRHC-001 Trial, the [***]
the [***]  of [***] of the IRHC-001 Trial is [***] or [***] ([***]%) but
[***]  ([***]%), the cash milestone payment will equal Ten Million Dollars 
($10,000,000); and   (iv) if, upon completion of the IRHC-001 Trial, [***]
the [***] of  [***] of the IRHC-001 Trial is [***] or [***] ([***]%), the
cash milestone  payment will equal Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000).  
(d) Buyer will transfer to Seller in accordance with the written instructions
provided to Buyer by Seller, a one time cash milestone payment of Two Million
Euros (E2,000,000) on January 15, 2007 in connection with the [***] of the
[***].   SECTION 2.6. RISK OF LOSS. Until the Effective Time, any loss of or
damage to the Purchased Assets, and Inventory from fire, flood, casualty or
any other similar occurrence shall be the sole responsibility of Seller. As
of the Effective Time, title to the Purchased Assets, and Inventory shall
be transferred to Buyer. After the Effective Time, Buyer shall bear all risk
of loss associated with the Purchased Assets and Inventory and shall be
solely responsible for    -15- ***CONFIDENITAL TREATMENT
REQUESTED    procuring adequate insurance to protect the Purchased Assets
and Inventory against any such loss.   ARTICLE III -- REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF SELLER   Seller represents and warrants to Buyer that the
following representations and warranties are true and correct as of the
Execution Date and shall be reaffirmed at Closing pursuant to Section 7.3(a),
subject in each case to the attached disclosure schedules supplied by Seller
to Buyer and dated as of the date hereof (the "Seller Disclosure Schedule ")
and provided that each exception set forth in such Seller Disclosure Schedule
shall be deemed to qualify only such representation and warranty that is
specifically identified (by cross reference or otherwise) in any specific
section of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.   SECTION 3.1. ORGANIZATION AND
AUTHORITY. Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Seller has full
corporate power and corporate authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements, and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, and effect the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and has
duly authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
the Ancillary Agreements and transactions or documents contemplated thereby
by all necessary corporate action. Seller has all corporate power and
corporate authority necessary to own its assets and carry on the Product
Business as currently being conducted by Seller. This Agreement and
the Ancillary Agreements are the valid and legally binding obligations of
Seller, enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, subject to
applicable bankruptcy moratorium, reorganization, insolvency and similar laws
of general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of
creditors generally and to general equitable principles (regardless of
whether in equity or at law).   SECTION 3.2. TITLE TO PURCHASED ASSETS AND
INVENTORY. Seller has good and marketable title to the Purchased Assets and
Inventory free and clear of any Encumbrances, except for the Permitted
Encumbrances. Seller has not received any notice of any adverse claims of
ownership to or right to use the Purchased Assets or Inventory, and to
Seller\'s Knowledge, no facts or circumstances exist which would provide a
reasonable basis for any such adverse claim of ownership or right to use any
of the Purchased Assets or Inventory.   SECTION 3.3. CONSENTS; NO
VIOLATIONS.   (a) Except for the requisite filings under the HSR Act and
the expiration or termination of the waiting period thereunder, and except
for all filings and other actions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Ancillary Agreements (including the necessary transfer of filings, notices
and approvals required to transfer the Regulatory Approvals from Seller to
Buyer) (the "Consents"), the execution, delivery and performance by Seller of
this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and the consummation by Seller of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not require any notice
to, filing with, or the consent, approval or authorization of, any Person or
Governmental Authority.    -16-     (b) Neither the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements nor the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will (i) violate or result
in a breach or result in the acceleration or termination of, or the creation
in any Third Party of the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel,
any Contract listed on Section 3.7 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, (ii)
conflict with, violate or result in a breach of any provision of the
certificate of incorporation or by-laws of Seller, or (iii) conflict with or
violate in any material respect Applicable Law.   SECTION 3.4. REGULATORY
APPROVALS.   (a) Section 3.4(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth
a complete and correct list of all applications (including the BLA), new
drug applications, abbreviated new drug applications, new drug submissions
and any comparable applications and submissions in the Territory with respect
to the Product. Seller has provided to Buyer complete and correct copies of
the Regulatory Approvals or Buyer has had access to such copies of the
Regulatory Approvals. The Regulatory Approvals are in full force and effect
and have been duly and validly issued.   (b) Seller has all Regulatory
Approvals necessary for or used to carry on the Product Business as being
conducted by Seller as of the Execution Date and which are required by
Applicable Law.   (c) Seller is in compliance with all of the Regulatory
Approvals listed on Section 3.4(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, and,
since the time Seller acquired its rights in the Product, Seller has not
received any notification, written or oral, from any Third Party with respect
to any alleged or possible violation with respect to any such Regulatory
Approvals, and to Seller\'s Knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances
that would form a reasonable basis for any such violation.   SECTION 3.5.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND LITIGATION.   (a) Except with respect to any matter
relating to or arising from Regulatory Approvals (which is addressed in
Section 3.4), with respect to the Product Business, the Purchased Assets, the
Inventory and the Assumed Liabilities, Seller is in compliance with all
Applicable Law, except where such noncompliance would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (b) There are no lawsuits,
claims or any civil, administrative or criminal actions, suits, or
proceedings or governmental investigations, including any action or
investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of the Inspector
General, or any Governmental Authority, existing, pending, or to the
Knowledge of Seller, threatened, with respect to the Product Business, the
Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities or with respect to this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby. Seller is not subject to any decree
or order of any Governmental Authority that would reasonably be expected to
impair or delay its ability to perform its obligations under this
Agreement.   SECTION 3.6. NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE.    -17-     (a)
Since January 1, 2005, there has not been any Material Adverse Change and no
event has occurred or circumstance exists that would reasonably be expected
to result in such a Material Adverse Change.   (b) Since January 1, 2005,
Seller has, consistent with the conduct of the Product Business during the
two (2) years prior to the Execution Date: (i) continued and conducted the
Product Business in Seller\'s ordinary and usual course of business, and (ii)
maintained its relationships with suppliers, distributors, customers and
others having material business relationships with Seller related to the
Product Business.   SECTION 3.7. CONTRACTS.   (a) Section 3.7 of the
Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of each of
the Contracts (i) which involve payments totaling $50,000 or more, or (ii)
which are otherwise material to the Product Business. Such Contracts are all
of the Contracts necessary to conduct the Product Business. Seller has
delivered to or made available to Buyer true and complete copies of all such
Contracts and any other contracts or agreements identified in Section 3.7 of
the Seller Disclosure Schedule. All such Contracts to which Seller is a party
are, as to Seller (and, as to the other parties thereto, to the Knowledge of
Seller), legal, valid and binding agreements in full force and effect and
enforceable in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy
moratorium, reorganization, insolvency and similar laws of general
application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors
generally and to general equitable principles (regardless of whether in
equity or at law)).   (b) Seller is not in material breach or default, and
no event has occurred that with notice or lapse of time would constitute a
material breach or default by Seller permitting termination, modification, or
acceleration, under any Contract set forth on Section 3.7 of the Seller
Disclosure Schedule. To the Knowledge of Seller, no other party to any
Contract is in material breach or default under, or has repudiated any
material provision of, any Contract set forth on Section 3.7 of the Seller
Disclosure Schedule.   (c) The Amgen Agreements are all of the Contracts
between Seller and Amgen that pertain to the Product.   SECTION 3.8.
INVENTORY AND RETURNS.   (a) Section 3.8(a) of the Seller Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of Seller\'s Inventory as of
November 4, 2005. The Inventory consists of finished goods usable and salable
by Seller in the ordinary course of business. The Inventory has been produced
or manufactured in accordance with all Applicable Law and Product
Registrations.   (b) Since January 1, 2005, other than entering into the
Contracts with specialty pharmacies for the direct sales by Seller to such
pharmacies of Infergen and entering into distribution Contracts or amendments
to existing distribution Contracts with two wholesalers, Seller has not (i)
materially altered its distribution practices or terms with respect to   
-18-    Infergen, or (ii) materially altered its activities and practices
with respect to inventory levels of Infergen maintained at the wholesale,
chain, institutional or retail levels in any material respect.   (c) As of
the Closing Date, the aggregate dollar value of the inventory of Infergen
(the "Aggregate Inventory Value") maintained by (a) Cardinal Health,
McKesson, and AmeriSource Bergen (collectively, "Seller\'s Principal
Wholesalers"), and (b) the specialty pharmacies with which Seller has a
contractual relationship, will not exceed the Maximum Inventory Amount.
For purposes hereof, (i) the "Aggregate Inventory Value" shall be calculated
by multiplying the number of units of inventory of Infergen maintained by
Seller\'s Principal Wholesalers and the specialty pharmacies as of the
Closing Date by the wholesale acquisition cost ("WAC") for such units as of
the Closing Date, and (ii) the "Maximum Inventory Amount" shall mean the
amount equal to: (x) the weekly average of the aggregate number of units of
each SKU shipped by all of Seller\'s Principal Wholesalers in the previous
[***] ([***])[***], multiplied by (y) [***] ([***])[***], multiplied by (z)
the WAC for each unit.   (d) Section 3.8(d) of the Seller Disclosure
Schedule sets forth, on a [***] basis, the returns of Infergen for [***]
([***])[***].   SECTION 3.9. TAX MATTERS. There are no Encumbrances on any
of the Purchased Assets or the Inventory that arose in connection with any
failure (or alleged failure) to pay any Tax, and Seller has no Knowledge of
any basis for assertion of any claims attributable to Taxes which, if
adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to result in any such
Encumbrance.   SECTION 3.10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.   (a) Seller is the
owner, licensee or sub licensee (as applicable), free and clear of any
Encumbrance, except for the Permitted Encumbrances, of all right, title and
interest in and to the Product Intellectual Property.   (b) Sections
3.10(b)(i)-(iv) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule set forth a true and
complete list of the Intellectual Property owned, licensed or controlled by
Seller covering the Product Business.   (c) The activities of Seller, if
any, relating to the development, manufacture, marketing, use, sale,
distribution, import, export or other commercial exploitation of Infergen by
Seller, in each case in connection with the operation of the Product
Business, do not infringe upon, misappropriate, violate, dilute (with respect
to any trademarks, trade names, brand names and service marks) or otherwise
constitute the unauthorized use of, the Intellectual Property rights of any
third party; (ii) no claim is pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller,
threatened against Seller alleging any of the foregoing; and (iii) to the
Knowledge of Seller, no right, license, lease, consent or other agreement is
required with respect to any Product Intellectual Property for the conduct of
the Product Business other than those included in the Purchased Assets.  
(d) To the actual knowledge of an executive officer or director of Seller, or
a key employee of Seller directly involved on behalf of Seller in
the transactions contemplated    -19- ***CONFIDENITAL TREATEMENT
REQUESTED    herein (the "Actual Knowledge of Seller"), none of the
Product Patents is involved in any litigation, reissue, interference,
reexamination, or opposition, and there has been no threat or other
indication that any such proceeding will hereafter be commenced. To the
Actual Knowledge of Seller, the Product Patents (excluding patent
applications) (i) are in good standing, (ii) are all without challenge of any
kind, (iii) are valid and enforceable, and (iv) have not been adjudged
invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part.   (e) To the Actual Knowledge
of Seller, none of the Product Trademarks, Product Copyrights or Product
Domains or registrations or applications to use or register such items are
involved in any cancellation, nullification, interference, conflict,
concurrent use or opposition proceeding, and there has been no threat or
other indication that any such proceeding will hereafter be commenced.  
(f) No legal proceedings are pending, or to the Actual Knowledge of Seller
are threatened, against Seller (i) based upon, challenging or seeking to deny
or restrict the use of any of the Product Intellectual Property,
(ii) alleging that any services provided by, processes used by, or
products manufactured or sold or to be manufactured or sold by Seller in
relation to the Product Business infringe or misappropriate any Intellectual
Property right of any third party, or (iii) alleging that the Amgen License
Rights conflict with the terms of any third party license or other
agreement.   (g) To the Actual Knowledge of Seller, all maintenance fees,
annuity fees or renewal fee payment for each jurisdiction in which each
patent, patent application, trademark, trademark application, trade name,
trade name registration, brand name, brand name registration, service mark,
service mark registration, copyright, copyright application, domain name or
domain name application included within the Product Intellectual Property has
issued or is pending have been timely paid.   (h) To the Knowledge of
Seller, no third party is engaging in any activity that infringes or
misappropriates the Product Intellectual Property. Seller is not a party to
any agreement granting rights by Seller to any third party with respect to
the Product Intellectual Property.   (i) Seller has, with respect to the
Product Business, used commercially reasonable efforts to maintain its trade
secrets in confidence.   (j) To the Knowledge of Seller, there has been no
misappropriation of any trade secrets or other confidential information of
Seller with respect to the Product Business.   (k) All employees of,
consultants to or vendors of Seller with access to confidential information
with respect to the Product Business are parties to written agreements under
which each such employee, consultant or vendor is obligated to maintain the
confidentiality of confidential information of Seller. To the Knowledge of
Seller, none of the employees, consultants or vendors of Seller or any of its
subsidiaries is in violation of such agreements.    -20-     (l) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, will not result in or give rise to
any right of termination or other right to impair or limit, or
otherwise result in a breach of, any of Seller\'s rights to own or retain a
license to any of the Product Intellectual Property.   SECTION 3.11.
PRODUCT RECORDS. All of the Product Records have been made available by
Seller to Buyer for examination, are complete and correct in all material
respects and have been maintained in accordance with sound
business practices.   SECTION 3.12. BROKERS, FINDERS, ETC. Seller has not
employed any broker, finder, consultant or other intermediary in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements who would have a valid claim for a fee or commission from Buyer in
connection with such transactions by reason of any action taken by or on
behalf of Seller.   SECTION 3.13. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   (a) Each form,
report, schedule and document required to be filed by Seller under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") since
January 1, 2003 (collectively, the "Seller SEC Filings" and individually, a
"Seller SEC Filing"), solely with respect to the Product Business, (i) did,
as of its date, comply in all material respects with the requirements of the
Exchange Act and (ii) did not, at the time it was filed, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements
(including in each case, any notes thereto) contained in any Seller SEC
Filing, solely to the extent each relates to the Product Business, (i) was
prepared in accordance with GAAP applied (except as may be indicated in the
notes thereto and, in the case of unaudited quarterly financial statements,
as permitted by Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act) on a consistent basis
throughout the periods indicated, and (ii) presented fairly the consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows of Seller as of the
respective dates thereof and for the respective periods indicated therein
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal and recurring year-
end adjustments which did not result in a Material Adverse Effect).  
SECTION 3.14. INSURANCE.   (a) Seller maintains, and shall continue to
maintain at its sole cost and expense on an uninterrupted basis for a period
of at least [***] following the Effective Time, product liability and other
insurance on a primary and non-contributory basis for itself in amounts,
respectively, which are reasonable and customary in the United States
consumer healthcare industry for companies of comparable size and activities
at the place of business of Seller, provided that the product liability
insurance amounts are not, and shall not at any time be allowed to be, less
than [***] ($[***]) per occurrence (or per claim) and [***] ($[***]) in the
aggregate limit of liability per year. Such insurance    -21-
***CONFIDENITAL TREATEMENT REQUESTED    insures against, and at all times
shall insure against, all liability, including personal injury, product
liability, physical injury, clinical development liabilities, and property
damage arising out of the development, manufacture, sale, distribution, or
marketing of the Product.   (b) There are no material claims currently made
against any of the insurance policies of Seller relating to the Product
Business, no material impairment of the amounts of coverage required
thereunder, and Seller has no Knowledge of any reasonable basis for any such
claims.   SECTION 3.15. SUFFICIENCY. The Purchased Assets together with the
Assumed Liabilities, the Inventory, and Buyer\'s rights under this Agreement,
and the other Ancillary Agreements, constitute all of the material assets
that are necessary for Buyer to operate the Product Business as of and after
the Closing in a substantially similar manner as the Product Business was
operated by Seller for the two (2) years prior to the Effective Time;
provided, however, for the avoidance of doubt, such representation and
warranty shall exclude any and all assets and capabilities that a comparable
company in the global pharmaceutical business should customarily be capable
of providing in connection with the operation of a business such as the
Product Business, including internal and external infrastructure,
manufacturing equipment and facilities, business permits and licenses,
professional services, trade and distribution networks, personnel,
facilities, factories and other property, promotional and brand strategies,
and financing.   SECTION 3.16. GOVERNMENT MULTI-PRODUCT CONTRACTS.   (a)
Seller is not a party to any managed care contracts or other sales contracts
pursuant to which Seller is required to provide or honor discounts, rebates,
charge backs, or similar price breaks in connection with
selling Infergen.   (b) Seller has made available to Buyer copies of all
Government Multi-Product Contracts; provided that such copies may have been
redacted to prevent disclosure of information not related to Infergen. After
the Effective Time, Buyer shall honor and perform all Liabilities of Seller
arising after the Effective Time under and pursuant to each Government Multi-
Product Contract (other than any Liability arising out of or relating to a
breach of such Government Multi-Product Contract which occurred prior to the
Effective Time) with respect to supplying Infergen to the applicable party
pursuant to such Government Multi-Product Contract until such time as Seller
has terminated each such Government Multi-Product Contract as provided below.
Seller agrees that after the Effective Time it will not take any action with
respect to any Government Multi-Product Contract that would extend the term
of such Government Multi-Product contract with respect to Infergen, create or
agree to any additional obligations with respect to Infergen, or otherwise
adversely affect Buyer or the Product Business, without the prior written
consent of Buyer, although Seller may enter into a separate agreement with
such government party, provided that such agreements do not contain any
provisions relating to Infergen or the Product Business. Seller further
agrees that Seller shall terminate the rights and obligations of Seller with
respect to the Product under each such Government Multi-Product Contract, to
the extent permitted by the terms thereof, as soon as practicable after the
Effective Time.    -22-     SECTION 3.17. REGULATORY COMPLIANCE. To the
extent applicable to Infergen in the Territory:   (a) To the Knowledge of
Seller, Infergen has been developed, labeled, stored, tested and distributed
in compliance with all applicable requirements under the Federal Food Drug
and Cosmetic Act 21 U.S.C. Sections 301 et. seq., its implementing
regulations, and all similar Applicable Laws, including those relating to
investigational use, premarket clearance and applications or abbreviated
applications to market a new product, except for noncompliance which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.   (b) All preclinical trials and clinical trials
conducted by or, to the Knowledge of Seller, on behalf of Seller with respect
to Infergen have been, and are being, conducted in compliance with the
applicable requirements of Good Laboratory Practice and Good Clinical
Practice requirements contained in 21 C.F.R. Part 58 and Part 312 and all
applicable requirements relating to protection of human subjects contained in
21 C.F.R. Parts 50, 54, and 56, and all similar Applicable Laws, except for
noncompliance which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) To the Knowledge of
Seller, with respect to Infergen (i) all manufacturing operations conducted
for the benefit of Seller have been and are being conducted in compliance
with the FDA\'s current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations for drug
products, including 21 C.F.R. Parts 210 and 211, and all similar Applicable
Laws, except for noncompliance which, individually or in the aggregate, would
not have, or be reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect; and
(ii) Seller is in compliance with all registration and listing requirements
set forth in 21 U.S.C. Section 360 and 21 C.F.R. Part 207, and all similar
Applicable Laws, except for noncompliance which, individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (d) Since the date of acquisition of Infergen (or rights thereto)
by Seller, Infergen has not been recalled, suspended or discontinued as a
result of any action by the FDA or any other foreign Governmental Authority
within the Territory, by Seller or by any licensee, distributor or marketer
of Infergen, in the United States or, to the Knowledge of Seller, outside of
the United States and within the Territory.   (e) Seller has not received
any notice that the FDA or any other Governmental Authority has commenced, or
threatened to initiate, any action to withdraw approval or request the recall
of Infergen, or commenced, or threatened to initiate, any action to enjoin or
place restrictions on the production of Infergen.   (f) To the Knowledge of
Seller, there are no facts, circumstances or conditions that would be
sufficient to presently, or solely with the passage of time in the ordinary
course of business, provide a reasonable basis for a recall, suspension or
discontinuance of Infergen.    -23-     (g) With respect to any new
drug application, investigational new drug application or similar state or
foreign regulatory application with respect to Infergen, Seller is in
compliance with 21 U.S.C. Sections 355 or 21 C.F.R. Parts 312 or 314,
respectively (and all similar Applicable Laws), and all terms and conditions
of such licenses or applications, except for any such failure or failures to
be in compliance which individually or in the aggregate has not had and would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As to Infergen,
Seller and its officers, employees or agents have included in each applicable
application, where required, the certification described in 21 U.S.C. Section
335a(k)(l) and each such certification was true, complete and correct in all
material respects when made.   (h) With respect to Infergen or the Product
Business, Seller has not committed any act, made any statement or failed to
make any statement that would reasonably be expected to provide a basis for
the FDA to invoke its policy with respect to "Fraud, Untrue Statements of
Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities" set forth in 56 Fed. Reg.
46191 (September 10, 1991) and any amendments thereto. Additionally, none of
Seller or any of its officers, key employees or agents have been convicted of
any crime or engaged in any conduct that has resulted, or would reasonably be
expected to result, in debarment under 21 U.S.C. Section 335a or any similar
state law or regulation under 42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7.   (i) Seller has
delivered to Buyer or made available to Buyer copies of all adverse
experience reports received by Seller with respect to Infergen.   (j)
Section 3.17(j) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and
correct list of all IST Trials conducted by or on behalf of Seller as of the
date hereof.   (k) Seller has not received any notice from the U.S.
Department of Justice, the Office of the Inspector General or any other
Governmental Authority that such Governmental Authority has commenced,
threatened or intends to commence any action or investigation with respect to
the Product Business, and there are no facts, circumstances or conditions
that would be sufficient to presently, or solely with the passage of time in
the ordinary course of business, provide a reasonable basis for any such
action or investigation.   SECTION 3.18. PRODUCT REGISTRATIONS.   (a)
Section 3.4(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and
correct list of all applications (including the BLA), new drug applications,
abbreviated new drug applications, new drug submissions and any comparable
applications and submissions in the Territory with respect to Infergen.
Seller owns the Product Registrations and no other party has any rights
thereto. The FDA approval for Infergen is in good standing, has not
been revoked, rescinded, amended or modified, and to Seller\'s Knowledge, no
event has occurred or notification been received by Seller from the FDA, a
notified body or any other party that would materially adversely affect or
otherwise jeopardize the FDA approval status of Infergen. To the Knowledge of
Seller, no applications made or other materials submitted by Seller to the
FDA or a notified body with respect to Infergen contained an untrue statement
of material fact when submitted, or omitted to state a material fact within
Seller\'s Knowledge when submitted which was required to    -24-    be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   (b) The Product Registration files of Seller have been
maintained in accordance with reasonable industry standards. Seller has in
its possession or control, or has access to, copies of all the material
documentation filed in connection with filings made by Seller for regulatory
approval or registration of Infergen, including the complete regulatory
chronology for each Product Registration (if applicable).   (c) Seller has
not received any Paragraph IV Notification under U.S.C. 355(j)(2)(B) relative
to any patents listed in any Product Registration held by Seller. In
addition, Seller has not received any notice regarding, and otherwise has no
Knowledge of, any plans by any third party to file product
registration relative to Product Registration held by Seller.   SECTION
3.19. NO OTHER WARRANTIES. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement and
the Ancillary Agreements, Seller does not make any representation or warranty
about the Product, the Purchased Assets, the Inventory, the Clinical Trial
Inventory, the Other Intellectual Property, the Assumed Liabilities or
the Product Business, whatsoever. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BUYER
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE
ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS, (A) THE PURCHASED ASSETS, INVENTORY, CLINICAL TRIAL
INVENTORY AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, ARE BEING TRANSFERRED "AS IS", (B)
SELLER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND OR AS BY OPERATION OF
LAW, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, AND (C) SELLER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND
ALL IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, WARRANT OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR WARRANTY OF
NONINFRINGEMENT.   SECTION 3.20. ADEQUACY OF DISCLOSURE. To the Knowledge of
Seller, there are no material facts that have specific application to the
Product Business, the Purchased Assets, the Inventory, or the Assumed
Liabilities that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect that have not been set forth in this Agreement or the Seller
Disclosure Schedules.   ARTICLE IV --  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
BUYER   Buyer represents and warrants to Seller that the following
representations and warranties are true and correct as of the Execution Date
to be reaffirmed at Closing pursuant to Section 7.4(a), subject in each case
to the attached Schedules of Buyer and provided that each exception set forth
in such Schedules shall be deemed to qualify only such representation and
warranty that is specifically identified (by cross reference or otherwise) in
any specific schedule.   SECTION 4.1. ORGANIZATION AND AUTHORITY. Buyer is
a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware. Buyer has full corporate power and corporate
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Ancillary   
-25-    Agreements, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,
and effect the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and has duly
authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
Ancillary Agreements and transactions or documents contemplated thereby by
all necessary corporate action. Buyer has all corporate power and corporate
authority necessary to carry on its business as is currently being conducted.
This Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements are the valid and legally
binding obligations of Buyer, enforceable against it in accordance with their
terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy moratorium, reorganization,
insolvency and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting
the rights and remedies of creditors generally and to general equitable
principles (regardless of whether in equity or at law).   SECTION 4.2.
CONSENTS; NO VIOLATIONS.   (a) Except for the requisite filings under the
HSR Act and the expiration or termination of the waiting period thereunder,
and except for all filings and other actions contemplated by this Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements (including the necessary transfer of filings,
notices and approvals required to transfer the Regulatory Approvals from
Seller to Buyer), the execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and the consummation by Buyer of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not require any notice to,
filing with, or the consent, approval or authorization of, any Person or
Governmental Authority.   (b) Neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will (i) violate or result in a
breach or result in the acceleration or termination of, or the creation in
any Third Party of the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel, any
indenture, contract, lease, sublease, loan agreement, note or other
obligation or liability to which Buyer is a party or is bound, (ii) conflict
with, violate or result in a breach of any provision of the articles of
incorporation or by-laws of Buyer, or (iii) conflict with or violate in any
material respect Applicable Law.   SECTION 4.3. BROKERS, FINDERS, ETC. Buyer
and its Affiliates have not employed any broker, finder, consultant or other
intermediary in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements who would have a valid claim for a fee
or commission from Seller in connection with such transactions by reason of
any action taken by or on behalf of Buyer.   SECTION 4.4. FINANCING. Buyer
will have funds sufficient to pay the Purchase Price and the Estimated
Inventory Cost on the dates that such payments are due under this
Agreement.   SECTION 4.5. LITIGATION. There are no lawsuits, claims or any
civil, administrative or criminal actions, suits, or proceedings or
governmental investigations existing, pending, or to the Knowledge of Buyer,
threatened, with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby. Buyer is not subject to any decree or order of any Governmental
Authority that would impair or delay its ability to perform its obligations
under this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements.    -26-     ARTICLE
V -- COVENANTS OF SELLER PRIOR TO CLOSING   SECTION 5.1. ACCESS TO
INFORMATION. Between the Execution Date and the Effective Time, Seller shall,
subject to any Applicable Law, (i) afford Buyer and its representatives
access, during regular business hours and upon reasonable agreed upon times,
to Seller\'s personnel, properties, Contracts, Regulatory Approvals, the
Product Records and all other information and materials pertaining to the
Product Business (with the ability to photocopy such materials), provided
that such access shall not unreasonably interfere with Seller\'s business and
operations; and (ii) otherwise cooperate with and assist Buyer in its review
and assessment of the Product and the Product Business.   SECTION 5.2.
CONDUCT OF THE PRODUCT BUSINESS.   (a) Between the Execution Date and the
Effective Time, except as otherwise set forth on Schedule 5.2 or as
contemplated by this Agreement or consented to in writing by the Buyer,
Seller shall, consistent with its conduct of the Product Business during the
twelve (12) months prior to the Execution Date: (i) continue and conduct the
Product Business in Seller\'s ordinary and usual course of business, (ii)
preserve intact the market for Infergen and the goodwill associated with
Infergen and the Product Intellectual Property, (iii) preserve in full force
and effect all material Contracts, and (iv) continue to maintain its
relationships with suppliers, distributors, customers and others having
material business relationships with it related to the Product Business.  
(b) Between the Execution Date and the Effective Time, Seller shall not (i)
take any affirmative action, or fail to take any reasonable action within its
control, which would resonably be expected to (A) cause Seller to violate
Section 5.2(a), or (B) have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) make
any modifications to any material Contract; or (iii) allow the levels of
raw materials, supplies, or other materials instrumental in the manufacture
of Infergen or the Inventory to vary materially from the levels thereof
customarily maintained.   SECTION 5.3. REQUIRED APPROVALS AND CONSENTS. As
soon as practicable after the Execution Date, Seller shall make all filings
required to be made in order to consummate the transactions contemplated
herein, including all filings under the HSR Act in accordance with Section
8.1. Seller shall also cooperate with Buyer with respect to all filings that
Buyer elects to make. Seller shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain all required Third Party Consents, including all Material Consents
required to effect the assignment of the Contracts to Buyer.   SECTION 5.4.
NOTICE OF DEFAULT. Between the Execution Date and the Effective Time, Seller
shall promptly notify Buyer in writing if Seller becomes aware of any fact or
condition that constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to cause, a
breach of a representation, warranty or covenant of Seller under this
Agreement. Any such notice or disclosure shall not be deemed to amend
or supplement Seller\'s disclosure under Article III or any schedule hereto,
or to correct or cure any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or breach of
covenant.    -27-     SECTION 5.5. NO NEGOTIATION. Between the
Execution Date and the Effective Time, Seller shall not directly or
indirectly solicit, initiate, encourage or entertain any inquiries or
proposals, discuss or negotiate with, provide any information to, or consider
the merits of any inquiries or proposals from any Person (other than Buyer)
relating to any transaction involving, in whole or in part, the Product
Business or the Product, or that would otherwise compromise Seller\'s ability
to consummate the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the
Ancillary Agreements. Seller shall immediately notify Buyer in the
event Seller receives any inquiries regarding any such transactions.  
SECTION 5.6. REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS. Seller shall use its reasonable
best efforts to cause the conditions in Section 7.2 and 7.3 to be
satisfied.   SECTION 5.7. TRANSITION ACTIVITIES.   (a) Between the
Execution Date and the Effective Time, Seller shall promptly furnish Buyer
with such reasonable sample quantities of any Promotional Materials that
Seller may have utilized in connection with the Product Business during the
twelve (12) month period prior to the Execution Date, for use by Buyer in
preparing its own Promotional Materials. In that regard, Seller shall and
hereby does grant Buyer a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable,
royalty free, paid-up license in the Territory to use Seller\'s Promotional
Materials in connection with creating Buyer\'s Promotional Materials. All
costs and expenses incurred by Buyer with respect to creating its own
Promotional Materials shall be borne by Buyer.   (b) No later than five (5)
Business Days prior to Closing, the Parties shall enter into a Transition
Services Agreement, to be effective immediately after the Effective Time,
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 5.7 providing for the
services specified therein pursuant to which Seller shall perform certain
transitional services for Buyer in accordance with the terms thereof.  
SECTION 5.8. NOTICE OF GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATIONS. Between the Execution Date
and the Effective Time, Seller shall promptly notify Buyer in writing
if Seller has received any notice from the U.S. Department of Justice, the
Office of the Inspector General or any other Governmental Authority that
such Governmental Authority has commenced, threatened or intends to commence
any action or investigation with respect to the Product Business.   ARTICLE
VI -- COVENANTS OF BUYER PRIOR TO CLOSING   SECTION 6.1. REQUIRED APPROVALS
AND CONSENTS. As soon as practicable after the Execution Date, Buyer shall
make all filings required to be made in order to consummate the transactions
contemplated herein, including all filings under the HSR Act in accordance
with Section 8.1. Buyer shall also cooperate with Seller with respect to all
filings that Seller is required to make.   SECTION 6.2. NOTICE OF DEFAULT.
Between the Execution Date and the Effective Time, Buyer shall promptly
notify Seller in writing if Buyer becomes aware of any fact or condition that
constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to cause, a breach of a
representation, warranty    -28-    or covenant of Buyer under this
Agreement. Any such notice or disclosure shall not be deemed to amend or
supplement Seller\'s disclosure under Article IV or any schedule hereto, or
to correct or cure any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or breach of
covenant.   SECTION 6.3. REASONABLE BEST EFFORTS. Buyer shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause the conditions in Section 7.2 and 7.4 to be
satisfied.   ARTICLE VII -- CLOSING AND TERMINATION   SECTION 7.1.
CLOSING. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the
"Closing") shall take place commencing at 10:00 a.m., Pacific Standard Time,
on the later of (i) December 30, 2005, or (ii) the date that is two (2)
Business Days following the termination of the applicable waiting
period under the HSR Act, unless another time or date is agreed to by the
Parties (the "Closing Date"). The Closing shall be deemed to have occurred at
11:59 PM (EST) on the Closing Date (the "Effective Time".)   SECTION 7.2.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF BUYER AND SELLER. The respective
obligations of Buyer and Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement on the Closing Date are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver at or prior to the Closing Date of the following condition:   (a)
Litigation. No preliminary or permanent injunction or other order shall have
been issued by any court or by any governmental or regulatory agency, body or
authority which enjoins, restrains, prohibits or makes illegal pursuant to
Applicable Law the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the
Closing Date; and   (b) HSR Clearance. Any waiting period (and any
extension thereof) under the HSR Act applicable to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall have expired or been terminated.  
SECTION 7.3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO BUYER\'S OBLIGATIONS.
Buyer\'s obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements shall be subject to the fulfillment of
each of the following additional conditions, any one or more of which may be
waived, at Buyer\'s sole discretion, in writing by the Buyer:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Seller
contained in Article III that are qualified as to materiality shall be true
and correct as of the Execution Date and as of the Effective Time, and
the representations and warranties of Seller contained in Article III that
are not qualified as to materiality, shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the Execution Date and as of the Effective Time.  
(b) Performance. Seller shall have performed and complied in all material
respects with each of the covenants, agreements and obligations Seller is
required to perform under this Agreement on or before the Closing.   
-29-     (c) Material Consents. Each of the consents, including the
Amgen Consent, listed on Schedule 7.3(c) (the "Material Consents") shall have
been obtained and shall be in full force and effect.   (d) Audited
Financial Statements. Seller shall have caused to be prepared and delivered
to Buyer on or before the Closing (i) an audited income statement, statement
of cash flow, and balance sheet for the Product Business as of and for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2004 (the "2004 Audited Financials") and
(ii) an income statement, statement of cash flow and balance sheet for the
Product Business as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2005 (the
"2005 Stub Financials").   (e) No Material Adverse Change. At any time after
the Execution Date, there has not been any Material Adverse Change, and no
event has occurred or circumstance exists that would reasonably be expected
to result in such a Material Adverse Change.   (f) Closing Certificate.
Seller shall have delivered to Buyer a certificate ("Seller\'s Closing
Certificate"), dated as of the Closing Date and executed by a duly elected,
qualified and acting officer of Seller certifying:   (i) attached thereto is
a complete and correct copy of resolutions  adopted by the board of directors
of Seller authorizing the execution,  delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements  executed in connection herewith by
Seller, and that such resolutions,  approvals and consents have not been
amended or modified in any respect and  remain in full force and effect as of
the date thereof (or, in the  alternative, a statement to the effect that no
such board of directors  approval is necessary regarding the execution,
delivery and performance of  this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements);
and   (ii) the due organization and good standing of Seller; and   (iii)
the conditions specified in Section 7.2 and this Section 7.3  have been
fulfilled.   (g) Ancillary Agreements. Seller shall have duly executed
and delivered to Buyer the ancillary agreements listed on Schedule 7.3(g) in
the form agreed by the Parties (together with any additional Instruments
of Transfer, the "Ancillary Agreements").   SECTION 7.4. CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO SELLER\'S OBLIGATIONS. Seller\'s obligation to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the fulfillment of each
of the following additional conditions, any one or more of which may be
waived, at Seller\'s sole discretion, in writing by Seller:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Buyer
contained in Article IV that are qualified as to materiality shall be true
and correct as of the Execution Date and as of the Effective Time, and
the representations and warranties of Buyer contained in Article IV that are
not qualified as to materiality, shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of the Execution Date and as of the Effective Time.   
-30-     (b) Performance. Buyer shall have performed and complied in
all material respects with each of the covenants, agreements and obligations
Buyer is required to perform under this Agreement on or before the
Closing.   (c) Closing Certificate. Buyer shall have delivered to Seller
a certificate ("Buyer\'s Closing Certificate"), dated as of the Closing Date
and executed by a duly elected, qualified and acting officer of Buyer
certifying:   (i) attached thereto is a complete and correct copy of
resolutions  adopted by the board of directors of Buyer authorizing the
execution,  delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements  executed in connection herewith by Buyer, and that such
resolutions,  approvals and consents have not been amended or modified in any
respect and  remain in full force and effect as of the date thereof (or, in
the  alternative, a statement to the effect that no such board of directors 
approval is necessary regarding the execution, delivery and performance of 
this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements); and   (ii) the due
organization and good standing of Buyer; and   (iii) the conditions
specified in Section 7.2 and this Section 7.4  have been fulfilled.   (d)
Ancillary Agreements. Buyer shall have duly executed and delivered the
Ancillary Agreements to Seller.   SECTION 7.5. CLOSING DELIVERIES.   (a)
At the Closing, Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer
executed copies of the following:   (i) Executed copies of the bill of sale,
assignment and assumption  agreement with respect to the Purchased Assets and
the Inventory and  Assumed Liabilities substantially in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit  7.5(a)(i) (the "Bill of Sale");   (ii) Executed copies
of the intellectual property assignment  documentation necessary to transfer
to Buyer the Product Intellectual  Property, substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit 7.5(a)(ii)  (the "IP Assignments");   (iii)
Executed copies of the Material Consents (including the Amgen  Consent and
the Cardinal Health Acknowledgment);   (iv) A copy of the 2004 Audited
Financials and 2005 Stub Financials.   (v) Executed copies of the Ancillary
Agreements;   (vi) Executed copies of any other Instruments of Transfer
reasonably  requested by Buyer; and    -31-     (vii) Executed copies
of such other documents as may be reasonably  necessary or appropriate to
consummate the transactions contemplated  hereby.   (b) At the Closing,
Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Seller the following:   (i)
The Closing Payment;   (ii) The Estimated Inventory Cost;   (iii) Executed
copies of the Ancillary Agreements;   (iv) Executed copies of any other
Instruments of Transfer reasonably  requested by Seller;   (v) To the
extent required, executed copies of any of the Material  Consents (including
the Amgen Consent); and   (vi) Executed copies of such other documents as
may be reasonably  necessary or appropriate to consummate the transactions
contemplated  hereby.   SECTION 7.6. TERMINATION. This Agreement may be
terminated:   (a) at any time before the Closing Date by mutual written
consent of Buyer and Seller; or   (b) by either Buyer or Seller, in
writing, if the transactions contemplated hereby have not been consummated on
or before January 31, 2006 (as such date may be extended pursuant to Section
7.1), provided that such failure is not due to the failure of the Party
seeking to terminate this Agreement to comply in all material respects with
its obligations under this Agreement, including the failure of the Party
seeking to terminate this Agreement to satisfy its closing conditions set
forth in this Article VII; or   (c) by Seller, in writing, if:   (i) any
of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 or 7.4 has not been  satisfied as
of the Closing Date, or shall become impossible to fulfill,  other than for
reasons within the reasonable control of Seller, and such  conditions shall
not have been waived by Seller (in its sole discretion);  or   (ii) a
material breach of any provision of this Agreement has been  committed by
Buyer, such breach has not been waived by Seller and such  breach is not
cured by Buyer within ten (10) days after written notice  thereof or, in the
reasonable determination of Seller, is incapable of  being cured by Buyer;
or   (d) by Buyer, in writing, if:    -32-     (i) any of the
conditions set forth in Section 7.2 or 7.3 has not been  satisfied as of the
Closing Date, or shall become impossible to fulfill,  other than for reasons
within the reasonable control of the Buyer, and such  conditions shall not
have been waived by Buyer (in its sole discretion); or   (ii) a material
breach of any provision of this Agreement has been  committed by Seller, such
breach has not been waived by Buyer and such  breach is not cured by Seller
within ten (10) days after written notice  thereof or, in the reasonable
determination of Buyer, is incapable of being  cured by Seller.   SECTION
7.7. PROCEDURE AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Upon termination of this Agreement
by Seller or Buyer pursuant to Section 7.5, written notice thereof shall
forthwith be given to the other Party and this Agreement shall terminate and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be abandoned without
further action by any of the Parties. Termination of this Agreement shall
terminate all outstanding obligations and liabilities between the Parties
arising from this Agreement except those described in: (i) this Section 7.7,
ARTICLE IX, and Section 10.1; (ii) the Confidentiality Agreement; and (iii)
any other provisions of this Agreement which by their nature are intended to
survive any such termination.   ARTICLE VIII -- CERTAIN OTHER COVENANTS  
SECTION 8.1. HSR FILINGS. If required pursuant to Applicable Law, each
of Seller and Buyer undertakes and agrees to file as soon as practicable, and
in any event no later than ten (10) business days after the Execution Date,
a Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act with the United States
Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the United States
Department of Justice. As deemed advisable, each of Seller and Buyer shall
respond as promptly as practicable to any inquiries or requests received from
any Governmental Authority in the Territory for additional information or
documentation. Each Party shall (a) promptly notify the other Party of any
written communication to that Party or its Affiliates from any Governmental
Authority and, subject to Applicable Law, permit the other Party or the other
Party\'s counsel to review in advance any proposed written communication to
any of the foregoing; (b) not participate, or permit its Affiliates to
participate, in any substantive meeting or discussion with any Governmental
Authority in respect of any filings, investigation or inquiry concerning this
Agreement unless it consults with the other Party in advance and, to the
extent permitted by such Governmental Authority in the Territory, gives the
other Party the opportunity to attend and participate thereat; and (c) with
the exception of business documents deemed confidential by the Buyer
(including documents submitted as attachments to each of the Buyer\'s
Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act), furnish Seller with copies
of all correspondence, filings, and communication (and memoranda setting
forth the substance thereof) between Buyer (its affiliates, and
its respective representatives) on the one hand, and any Governmental
Authority or members of their respective staffs on the other hand, with
respect to this Agreement. Buyer and Seller shall share equally any required
HSR Act filing fees related to this transaction.   SECTION 8.2. INVENTORY
COST ADJUSTMENT.    -33-     (a) On the weekend immediately preceding
the Closing Date, Seller shall temporarily halt all shipments of Infergen in
the Territory, in order to allow Seller to conduct a review of those of its
locations at which Inventory is located in order to derive a reasonably
accurate estimate of the quantities of Inventory that will be outstanding at
such locations as of the Closing Date, and Seller shall provide Buyer with
such good faith written estimate (the "Estimated Inventory Statement") by
Midnight (PST) of the next Business Day. Seller shall be entitled to resume
shipments of Infergen in the Territory starting on such next Business Day and
continue such shipments through the day immediately preceding the Closing
Date.   (b) Seller shall also deliver to Buyer, together with the
Estimated Inventory Statement, a good faith written estimate of the Inventory
Cost (the "Estimated Inventory Cost") as determined pursuant to Schedule
8.2(b) (which details the per-unit Inventory purchase price), and Buyer shall
pay an amount equal to the Estimated Inventory Cost to Seller on the Closing
Date pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Thereafter, the Inventory Cost
shall be finally determined as described below:   (i) On the Closing Date,
Seller shall deliver the Inventory to Buyer  at the locations set forth in
the Inventory Statement (as such term is  defined below).   (ii) Within
thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Seller shall  deliver a written
statement (the "Inventory Statement") of the amount,  location, lot and batch
numbers of the Inventory provided to Buyer on the  Closing Date and Seller
shall calculate the actual cost of the Inventory  (the "Inventory Cost")
provided to Buyer on the Closing Date pursuant to  Schedule 8.2(b) which
details the per-unit Inventory cost.   (iii) If Buyer agrees with the
Inventory Statement, it shall within  thirty (30) days after receipt thereof,
so notify Seller; however, if Buyer  disputes the amounts or Inventory Cost
(or the calculation thereof)  reflected in the Inventory Statement, Buyer
shall notify Seller in writing  of its dispute, setting forth in reasonable
detail, the basis for such  dispute, within thirty (30) days after Seller\'s
delivery of the Inventory  Statement to Buyer. The Parties shall, for a
period not to exceed one (1)  week, negotiate in good faith to resolve such
dispute, and, in the event a  resolution is not reached, within 2 Business
Days after the end of such one  (1) week period Seller and Buyer shall submit
the items remaining in  dispute for resolution to a mutually acceptable
independent accounting firm  of international reputation for resolution by
such firm within a one (1)  week period. Such accounting firm\'s decision
shall be binding upon the  Parties and the resulting Inventory Statement and
Inventory Cost shall be  final and binding upon the Parties. The Parties
shall equally split the  reasonable fees and expenses of such accounting firm
associated with the  resolution of such dispute.   (iv) The Inventory
Statement and the Inventory Cost shall be deemed  final upon the earlier of
(A) Buyer\'s notice to Seller that it accepts the  Inventory Statement, (B)
thirty (30) days after delivery of the Inventory  Statement if Buyer fails to
notify Seller of a dispute within thirty (30)  days after Seller\'s delivery
of the Inventory Statement to Buyer or (C) the  resolution of any disputes as
described in Section 8.2(c).    -34-     (v) Within five (5) Business
Days after the Inventory Statement and  the Inventory Cost are deemed final,
a payment shall be made as follows:   (A) In the event the amount of the
final Inventory Cost reflected  on the Inventory Statement is less than the
Estimated Inventory Cost,  then Seller shall remit payment of the amount
equal to such difference  to Buyer; or   (B) In the event the amount of the
final Inventory Cost reflected  on the Inventory Statement exceeds the
Estimated Inventory Cost, then  Buyer shall remit payment of the amount equal
to such difference to  Seller.   (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, Buyer shall not be required to purchase any Inventory in excess of
the Inventory Cap. For avoidance of doubt, any Inventory (other than the
Clinical Trials Inventory) held by Seller at the Effective Time in excess of
the Inventory Cap shall constitute an Excluded Asset.   (d) Seller shall
not sell any Inventory in the Territory after the Effective Time, and Buyer
shall be entitled to sell the Inventory in the Territory as of and after the
Effective Time.   SECTION 8.3. PRODUCT RETURNS, REBATES AND CHARGEBACKS.  
(a) Product Returns.   (i) For a three (3) year period following the
Closing, Seller shall be  financially responsible for all costs associated
with any customer or  wholesaler returns of expired, damaged, defective, or
other unsalable  Infergen ("Product Returns") for any Infergen that was
shipped on or before  the Closing Date. Buyer shall be financially
responsible for all costs  associated with any Product Returns of any
Infergen shipped after the  Closing Date. Seller shall have delivered to
Buyer at and as of the Closing  Date a schedule containing the lot number and
units per lot of Infergen  that were distributed by Seller prior to Closing.
Any Product Returns will  be made in accordance with Buyer\'s returned goods
policy at the time of  such Product Return, unless otherwise mutually agreed
by Buyer and Seller.  By agreeing to process the Product Returns for the
benefit of Seller, Buyer  does not agree to assume any liability associated
with such Product  Returns, but is providing a service as an accommodation to
Seller and to  minimize confusion on the part of customers.   (ii) Except
as set forth herein, Buyer shall be responsible for  processing all Product
Returns received after the Closing Date irrespective  of when and by whom the
returned Infergen was shipped. Product Return  processing shall include the
destruction of all returned Infergen by Buyer,  or the customer, as
applicable. Buyer agrees to only issue return credits  for Infergen shipped
by Seller prior to the Closing Date at such time that  Buyer has received the
returned Infergen from the customer, unless Seller  agrees to waive the
customer return of Infergen.    -35-    (iii) Each Party agrees it will
not take, directly or indirectly, any  action that would provide any
incentive or otherwise induce or motivate  customers to return Infergen,
except as the parties may otherwise mutually  agree.   (b) Government
Rebates.   (i) Seller shall be responsible for all rebates pursuant to any 
government rebate programs with respect to government claims for Infergen 
indicating Seller\'s NDC numbers and sold by Seller prior to the Effective 
Time including, but not limited to, rebates related to Infergen dispensed 
within [***] ([***])[***] following the Effective Date (the "Government 
Rebate Tail Period") (it being understood and agreed that the dispense date 
contained in any report from a state rebate program shall be used for 
purposes of determining the date of such claim).   (ii) Buyer shall be
responsible for all rebates pursuant to any  government rebate programs with
respect to government claims for Infergen  indicating Seller\'s or Buyer\'s
NDC numbers and sold subsequent to the  Effective Time, excluding rebates
relating to Infergen dispensed during the  Government Rebate Tail Period (it
being understood and agreed that the  dispense date contained in any report
from a state rebate program shall be  used for purposes of determining the
date of such claim).   (c) Commercial Rebates.   (i) Seller shall be
responsible for all commercial rebates with  respect to Infergen sold prior
to the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the  foregoing, Buyer and Seller agree
that (a) Seller\'s financial liability for  the commercial rebates during the
period from the Effective Time through  [***] ([***])[***] thereafter shall
be limited to those commercial  customers with which Seller has a rebate
obligation as of the Effective  Time and (b) any such payments by Seller
shall be made on the terms and  conditions comparable to Seller\'s rebate
obligations as of the Effective  Time with respect to each commercial
customer and shall be based on  Seller\'s terms of agreement with the
respective contract, as such terms of  agreement existed as of the Effective
Time. Seller shall utilize records  from third party rebate administrators to
demonstrate which rebates relate  to Infergen sold prior to the Effective
Time for purposes of determining  Seller\'s obligation.   (ii) Any rebates
for Infergen sold subsequent to the Effective Time  will be the liability of
Buyer. To the extent that Seller processes such  claims, Buyer shall
reimburse Seller within thirty (30) days of receipt of  invoices that
describe the requested payments in reasonable detail.   (d) Chargeback
Claims.   (i) Seller shall be financially responsible for all chargeback
claims  related to Infergen sold prior to the Effective Time (the
"Chargeback  Claims"). Buyer shall process and be financially liable for all
Chargeback  Claims related to Infergen sold subsequent to    -36-
***CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED     the Effective Time.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties acknowledge  that the VA National
Acquisition Center must approve the removal of  Infergen from Seller\'s
Federal Supply Schedule ("FSS") before the  responsibility of processing such
rebates is transferred from Seller to  Buyer. Until such approval is
obtained, Seller shall continue to be  responsible for processing the FSS
chargebacks on Buyer\'s behalf, and Buyer  shall reimburse Seller for same.
Buyer and Seller agree that (i) Seller\'s  financial liability for the
Chargeback Claims shall be limited to those  commercial customers with which
Seller has chargeback obligations as of the  Effective Time, and (ii) any
such chargebacks issued by Seller shall be  made on terms and conditions
comparable to Seller\'s obligations as of the  Closing with respect to each
customer and shall be based on Seller\'s terms  of respective agreements as
of the Effective Time. Seller shall utilize  records from third party rebate
administrators to demonstrate which  chargebacks relate to Infergen sold
prior to the Effective Time for  purposes of determining Seller\'s
obligation.   (ii) To the extent that Seller processes Chargeback Claims
which are  the responsibility of Buyer, Buyer shall reimburse Seller within
thirty  (30) days of receipt of invoices that describe the requested payments
in  reasonable detail.   (e) Procedures. Within fifteen (15) days after the
end of each calendar quarter, Buyer shall submit to Seller an invoice and
supporting documentation relative to all Product Returns, Government Rebates,
Commercial Rebates and Chargeback Claims received during the preceding
calendar quarter for which Seller is financially responsible. Such invoice
and the supporting documentation shall set forth the following detail: (i)
where applicable, the stock-keeping-unit number and lot code of returned
Infergen (the "Returned Product") and the date the Returned Product or claim
for applicable rebate or chargeback was received by Buyer, if applicable;
(ii) the name and address of the customer returning such Returned Product or
making such claim; (iii) the reason given by such customer for the return or
claim if applicable; (iv) the cost of performing such return or processing
and paying such claim, provided, however, with respect to returns, such cost
shall include only the cost of replacing, or refunding the allegedly
defective Infergen, plus any reasonable shipping costs associated with such
return, plus a [***] ([***]%) processing and destruction fee. Unless Seller
contests such invoice in accordance herewith, Seller shall remit the total
invoiced amount to Buyer within ten (10) days after its receipt of such
invoice. In the event Seller in good faith disagrees with such invoice, the
Parties shall, for a period not to exceed one (1) month, negotiate in good
faith to resolve such dispute, and, in the event a resolution is not reached,
within two (2) Business Days after the end of such one (1) month period
Seller and Buyer shall submit the items remaining in dispute for resolution
to a mutually acceptable independent arbitrator for resolution by such
arbitrator with a one (1) month period. In the event the Parties
cannot mutually agree on an independent arbitrator, Buyer and Seller shall
each select an independent arbitrator. These independent arbitrators shall
then select a third arbitrator to resolve the dispute. The decision of the
arbitrator shall be binding upon the Parties and the resulting determination
shall be final and binding upon the Parties. The Parties shall equally split
the reasonable fees and expenses of any arbitrator associated with the
resolution of such dispute.   SECTION 8.4. TRANSITIONAL TRADEMARK
LICENSE.    -37- ***CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED     (a) As of the
Effective Time and for a period of up to twenty four months (24) months after
the Closing Date, Seller hereby grants to Buyer (or its Affiliates
responsible for operating the Product Business after Closing or any third-
party manufacturers utilized by Buyer in connection with the Product Business
after the Closing Date), and Buyer hereby accepts, a non-exclusive, non-
transferable, non-sublicensable (except with respect to such third-
party manufacturers or Buyer\'s Affiliates), royalty-free, paid-up, license
in the Territory under the Seller Marks, for use solely in connection with
(i) Buyer\'s sale of the Inventory in the Territory, and (ii) Buyer\'s use of
the Promotional Materials existing as of the Closing Date and transferred to
Buyer as part of the Purchased Assets, and (iii) the labeling on the Infergen
manufactured by or on behalf on Buyer as of and after the Effective Time;
provided, however, that such license is being granted solely for transitional
purposes and Buyer shall therefore, notwithstanding the time period provided
for above, use its commercially reasonable efforts to as quickly as is
reasonably possible cease its use of the Seller Marks after the Effective
Time, but in no event later than twenty four months (24) months after the
Closing Date, or such later date (not to exceed an additional three (3)
months) as may be agreed-to by Seller, in its sole discretion, in the event
Buyer is unable to revise the labeling on the Infergen to remove the
applicable Seller Marks due to governmental and regulatory laws and
regulations.   (b) To the extent that Buyer is utilizing the transitional
trademark license of this Section 8.4, Buyer shall not (i) add any other
labels or marks to, or otherwise alter, the Seller Marks as used in the
Product Business as of the Closing Date (except as required by law); (ii)
change in any way the style of the Seller Marks as used in the Product
Business as of the Closing Date; or (iii) otherwise use the Seller Marks in
any manner other than as specifically provided in this Section 8.4.   (c)
Buyer acknowledges Seller\'s ownership of the Seller Marks, shall do nothing
inconsistent with such ownership, agrees that all use of the Seller Marks by
Buyer shall inure to the benefit and be on behalf of Seller, and agrees not
to challenge Seller\'s title to the Seller Marks. Nothing in this
Agreement shall give Buyer any right, title or interest in the Seller Marks
other than the right to use the Seller Marks strictly in accordance with this
Section 8.4. All use of the Seller Marks by Buyer under this Section 8.4
shall conform to the standards followed by Seller in operating the Product
Business prior to the Closing Date, and Seller shall have the right to review
the standards used by Buyer to operate the Product Business after the Closing
Date to ensure Buyer\'s compliance with this requirement related to the
Seller Marks.   (d) Buyer shall not have the right to, and shall not,
sublicense, assign, pledge, grant or otherwise encumber or transfer to any
Third Party any rights licensed by Seller to Buyer under this Section 8.4
without Seller\'s prior written consent. The Parties understand and agree
that, in addition to all other legal remedies, Seller shall be entitled to
immediate injunctive relief in order to enforce the terms of this Section
8.4.   (e) Nothing in this Section 8.4, or any other provision of
this Agreement or any provision of the Ancillary Agreements, shall grant the
Buyer any rights in any of Seller\'s Internet domain names, registrations
or applications for registration, or renewals thereof, registered in the
United States or any other country or jurisdiction throughout the world,
except    -38-    as such Internet domain names, registrations or
applications for registration, or renewals thereof are included as part of
the Purchased Assets.   (f) Following the Closing, Buyer shall promptly and
at its own expense use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such FDA
approvals necessary for Buyer Labeling for the Infergen to be manufactured
after the Closing and, promptly comply with such FDA approvals upon receipt
thereof.   SECTION 8.5. CUSTOMER BILLING. In the event that Seller or any of
its Affiliates receives payment after the Closing Date on invoices relating
to the Product Business operated by the Buyer or sales of products or
services rendered by Buyer on or after the Effective Time, Seller will
promptly notify Buyer of such receipt and will promptly remit, or will cause
such Affiliate to promptly remit, such payment to Buyer without depositing
such payment in an account of Seller, or such Affiliate, unless in error, and
Seller, or such Affiliate, shall not be entitled to offset such payment
against any payments due Seller from Buyer. In the event Seller receives an
invoice or request for payment relating to the operation of the Product
Business on or after the Effective Time, or with respect to any Assumed
Liability, Seller will promptly notify Buyer of such request or invoice and
forward the invoice and all other appropriate information to Buyer for
payment. In the event Buyer or any of its Affiliates receive payment after
the Effective Time on invoices issued by Seller relating to an Excluded Asset
(such as Seller\'s accounts receivable as of the Effective Time) or relating
to product sold or services rendered by businesses other than the Product
Business or the Purchased Assets, Buyer will promptly notify Seller of such
receipt and will promptly remit, or will cause such Affiliate to
promptly remit, such payment to Seller without depositing such payment in an
account of Buyer, or such Affiliate, unless in error, and Buyer, or such
Affiliate, shall not be entitled to offset such payment against any payments
due Buyer from Seller.   SECTION 8.6. COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE. Seller
hereby agrees that for a period ending on the later of (a) [***] ([***])[***]
after the Closing Date and (b) the [***] the [***], Seller shall not,
directly or indirectly, alone, as a licensor, or otherwise in conjunction
with other Persons, develop, manufacture, license-in, market, sell or
otherwise distribute in the Territory for human use, or assist any other
Person in developing, manufacturing, licensing-in, marketing, selling or
otherwise distributing in the Territory for human use, any Competing Product,
either alone or in combination, whether such Competing Product is available
with or without a prescription. For purposes hereof, "Competing Product"
means any product containing interferon alfacon-1 as an active ingredient,
[***] that [***] is [***] the [***]. Notwithstanding this Section 8.6, Seller
shall have the right to conclude its ongoing clinical trials with respect to
the combination of the Product with the pharmaceutical product currently
marketed by Seller under the trademark Actimmune(R).   SECTION 8.7.
COOPERATION.   (a) After the Execution Date, the Parties shall cooperate
reasonably with each other in connection with any reasonable actions required
to be taken with respect to their respective obligations under this Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements, and shall (i) furnish    -39-
***CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED    upon reasonable request to each
other such further information, and (ii) execute and deliver to each other
such other reasonable documents, and (iii) do such other acts, all as the
other Party may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out the
provisions of this Agreement (and the Ancillary Agreements) and the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.   (b) Seller will promptly
notify Buyer, and Buyer will notify Seller, as applicable and in writing, of
any event or fact which represents a material breach of any of their
respective representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
hereunder.   SECTION 8.8. CLINICAL TRIALS. As of the Effective Time, Buyer
shall take over and assume, from and after the Effective Time, (a) all of
Seller\'s duties and responsibilities relative to the ongoing conduct of the
Clinical Trials from and after the Effective Time, in accordance with the
protocols therefore (other than such duties and responsibilities which Seller
agrees to perform on behalf of and as Buyer\'s agent from and after the
Effective Time) and (b) all costs, expenses and Liabilities associated with
conducting the Clinical Trials from and after the Effective Time (other than
any Liability arising out of or relating to the conduct of the Clinical
Trials by Seller prior to the Effective Time), all as described in more
detail in the Transition Services Agreement.   SECTION 8.9. EMPLOYEES. Buyer
anticipates it will offer employment to certain personnel of Seller directly
related to the Product Business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer shall
not be obligated to offer employment to any employees of Seller nor to offer
employment to or hire any specific number of Seller\'s employees, and any
such offer of employment shall be on terms and conditions as Buyer, in its
sole discretion, shall determine, without regard to the terms and conditions
under which any employees of Seller have been employed prior to the Closing
Date. Buyer shall have no obligation of any kind or nature for any
compensation or benefits of any kind or nature with respect to the employees
or consultants of Seller for any services rendered or otherwise arising on or
before the Closing Date, including, any Liability and cost associated with
the termination by Seller of any employee or consultant of Seller.  
SECTION 8.10. TAX MATTERS.   (a) U.S. Statement of Allocation. Buyer and
Seller acknowledge their mutual obligations pursuant to Section 1060 of the
Code to timely file IRS Form 8594 with each of their respective federal
income tax returns (the "Asset Acquisition Statement"). Accordingly, Buyer
and Seller agree to cooperate in the preparation of the Asset Acquisition
Statement for timely filing in each of their respective U.S. federal income
tax returns in accordance with a written statement (the "Statement of
Allocation"), in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Buyer and
Seller, setting forth an allocation of the Purchase Price (which for such
purpose shall be increased by the amount of the Assumed Liabilities) among
the Purchased Assets (as applicable for each Statement of Allocation) and the
Inventory Cost among the Inventory in accordance with the provisions of
Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations. No later than ten (10)
days prior to the Closing Date, Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Seller a
proposed Statement of Allocation. If Seller approves the Statement
of Allocation, then, unless otherwise prohibited by law, all federal, state
and local income Tax returns of Buyer and Seller shall be filed consistently
with the allocations made pursuant to the Statement of Allocation. If
Seller    -40-    does not approve the Statement of Allocation, Buyer
and Seller shall make good faith efforts to agree on the allocation of the
consideration among the Purchased Assets. If Buyer and Seller, after good
faith negotiations, cannot agree on the allocation of the consideration
within one hundred twenty (120) days following the Closing Date, then no
Statement of Allocation shall be prepared, and each Party shall prepare and
file its returns in accordance with its own allocations.   (b) Seller and
Buyer shall provide reasonable cooperation and information to each other in
connection with (i) the preparation or filing of any Return, amended Return,
Tax election, Tax consent or certification, or any claim for a Tax refund,
(ii) any determination of liability for Taxes, and (iii) any audit,
examination or other proceeding in respect of Taxes exclusively related to
the Product Business. Any information obtained under this Section 8.10 shall
be kept confidential pursuant to Section 10.1, except as may be otherwise
necessary in connection with the filing of Returns, claims for a Tax refund
or in conducting any audit, examination or other proceeding in respect
of Taxes. In addition, upon request, Seller shall provide Buyer with an
income tax withholding statement in a form reasonably acceptable to
Buyer.   (c) Buyer shall be solely responsible for all sales, use,
transfer, value added and other related Taxes (the "Transfer Taxes"), if any,
arising out of the transfer by Seller of the Purchased Assets, Inventory,
Clinical Trial Inventory and Other Intellectual Property to Buyer pursuant to
this Agreement, it being acknowledged and specifically agreed, however, that
Buyer shall have no responsibility for, and Seller will be solely responsible
for, any Tax payable on any income or gain of Seller arising from the sale of
the Purchased Assets and Inventory or otherwise arising under this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller hereby agrees to indemnify, pursuant to
the terms of Article IX hereof, and hold Buyer harmless against any Liability
resulting from any noncompliance by Seller with the provisions of any
applicable bulk sale or bulk transfer laws. Each Party shall make all
commercially reasonable efforts and take such commercially reasonable actions
to avail itself of all available exemptions to or reductions of such Transfer
Taxes as reasonably requested by the other Party, and shall otherwise
cooperate with the other Party to avail itself of such exemptions to or
reductions available pursuant to Applicable Law.   (d) Each Party shall be
responsible for and shall pay all Taxes payable on any payments made to such
Party by the other Party, except as is otherwise set forth in Section
8.9(b).   (e) If subsequent to the payment by the Buyer to Seller any
amounts paid hereunder are determined to be subject to withholding taxes by
any taxing jurisdiction and payment of such taxes is required by the Buyer,
Seller agrees to reimburse Buyer for such amounts assessed and paid plus
interest.   (f) Seller shall promptly after the Closing prepare and file
all reports and Returns required by Tax Law relating to the Product Business,
the Purchased Assets, the Inventory and the Product as owned or operated by
Seller prior to and including the Effective Time.    -41-     SECTION
8.11. NOTICE TO CUSTOMERS. Seller agrees to cooperate with Buyer, at Buyer\'s
reasonable request, in the notification to customers of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and Seller agrees not to notify any customer
of such transactions without the consent of Buyer. Such notification shall be
in such form as is reasonably satisfactory to both Buyer and Seller as agreed
to prior to Closing.   SECTION 8.12. ASSISTANCE IN SUPPLY OF INFERGEN. From
and after the Effective Time, Buyer shall supply to Seller any amount of
Infergen reasonably requested by Seller solely for purposes of Seller\'s
completion of its ongoing clinical trials with respect to the combination of
Infergen with the pharmaceutical product currently marketed by Seller under
the trademark Actimmune(R); provided, however, Seller shall pay Buyer for all
such Infergen.   SECTION 8.13. ADVERSE EXPERIENCE REPORTS. At a mutually
agreed upon time after the Effective Time, Seller shall provide Buyer with
information relating to the investigation and reporting of all adverse
experiences regarding Infergen, including with respect to the use of Infergen
in both clinical studies, as well as spontaneous reports, prior to the
Effective Time and all other information which is materially relevant to the
safe use of Infergen in Seller\'s possession as of the Effective Time. After
the Effective Time, Seller shall promptly submit to Buyer all adverse drug
experience information or customer complaints brought to the attention of
Seller in respect of Infergen, as well as any material events and matters
concerning or affecting the safety or efficacy of Infergen. After the
Effective Time, Buyer shall have all responsibility for required reporting of
adverse experiences for Infergen.   SECTION 8.14. REGULATORY MATTERS.  
(a) Except as expressly set forth in Section 8.7, from and after
the Effective Time, Buyer, at its cost, shall be solely responsible and
liable for (i) taking all actions, paying all fees and conducting all
communication with the appropriate Governmental or Regulatory Authority
required by Law in respect of the Regulatory Approvals, including preparing
and filing all reports (including adverse drug experience reports) with the
appropriate Governmental or Regulatory Authority (whether Infergen is sold
before or after transfer of such Regulatory Approval), (ii) taking all
actions and conducting all communication with third parties in respect of
Infergen sold pursuant to such Regulatory Approval (whether sold before or
after transfer of such Regulatory Approval), including responding to all
complaints in respect thereof, including complaints related to tampering or
contamination, and (iii) investigating all complaints and adverse drug
experiences in respect of Infergen sold pursuant to such Regulatory Approval
(whether sold before or after transfer of such Regulatory Approval).   (b)
From and after the Effective Time, Seller promptly (and in any event within
the time periods required by Law) shall notify Buyer within three (3)
Business Days if Seller receives a complaint or a report of an adverse
drug experience in respect of Infergen. In addition, Seller shall cooperate
with Buyer\'s reasonable requests and use commercially reasonable efforts to
assist Buyer in connection with the investigation of and response to any
complaint or adverse drug experience related to Infergen sold by
Seller.    -42-     (c) From and after the Effective Time, Buyer, at
its cost, shall be solely responsible and liable for conducting all voluntary
and involuntary recalls of units of Infergen sold pursuant to such Regulatory
Approval (whether sold before or after transfer of such Regulatory Approval),
including recalls required by any Governmental or Regulatory Authority and
recalls of units of Infergen sold by Seller deemed necessary by Seller in its
reasonable discretion; provided, however, that Seller shall reimburse Buyer
for the reasonable expenses and costs of conducting recalls relating to
Infergen sold by or on behalf of Seller prior to the Closing, including the
costs of notifying customers, the costs associated with shipment of such
recalled Infergen, the price paid for such Inventory, and reasonable credits
extended to customers in connection with the recall. Seller promptly shall
notify Buyer in the event that a recall of Infergen sold by Seller is
necessary.   (d) Seller shall, within fifteen (15) days of the Closing,
notify the FDA of the transfer of the Regulatory Approvals to Buyer in
accordance with all Applicable Laws.   SECTION 8.15. DIFFERENTIATION OF
PRODUCT. From and after the Effective Time, Buyer shall institute appropriate
procedures to ensure that products and goods of the Product Business
manufactured, finished or sold by, or on behalf of, Buyer can be
distinguished from products and goods of the Business manufactured, finished
or sold by, or on behalf of, Seller.   SECTION 8.16. [***]. Seller hereby
grants to Buyer the [***] with respect to the Nektar Agreements:   (a) At
any time prior to the commencement of the [***], provided that Seller shall
have incurred documented expenses of at least [***] in connection with its
continued clinical development of a pegylated formulation of alfacon-1 as
contemplated under the Nektar Agreements, Seller may [***] ("[***]")
to Buyer. Buyer will have [***] ([***]) [***] following receipt of the [***]
to inform Seller in writing whether it intends to [***] (the "[***]") to
[***] and [***] (the "[***]") and to [***] for [***] as listed in [***]. If
Buyer elects to [***], Buyer shall pay Seller an amount equal to [***]% of
Seller\'s documented expenses directly incurred in connection with the
development of the pegylated formulation of Infergen between the time of
Closing and the [***] date. Such expenses will not include any allocation of
overhead of Seller. During such [***] ([***])-[***] period, Seller will
cooperate with Buyer in connection with any reasonable inquiries Buyer may
have with respect to the clinical development program or the [***] of the
[***]. In the event Buyer determines to [***] the [***], the parties will
cooperate to close the [***] and [***] as soon as practicable following
delivery of the [***]. Buyer shall be responsible for any and all obligations
arising [***] after the [***].   (b) If Seller determines to [***] from a
[***] to [***] any of the [***], Seller shall, promptly after making such
determination, [***] (an "[***]") [***]. The    -43- CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT REQUESTED    [***] shall disclose in reasonable detail the
proposed [***] and will [***], [***] on [***] to those contained in the
[***]. Buyer may elect to [***] on the [***] contained in the [***] by
delivering [***] of such [***] to Seller within sixty (60) Business Days
after delivery of the [***]. If Buyer elects to [***], the [***] of such
[***] shall be consummated as soon as practicable following Buyer\'s [***] of
the [***]. Seller will afford Buyer with reasonable access to all necessary
information for Buyer to conduct any due diligence investigation Buyer
reasonably determines to be necessary or appropriate in [***]. In the event
Buyer determines [***] to [***] the [***], Seller may [***] with the
[***] identified in the [***] on the terms and conditions specified in the
[***] set forth in this Section 8.16 shall be of no further force or
effect.   (c) If Seller in good faith determines to terminate its rights
under the Nektar Agreements, Seller shall, promptly after making such
determination, deliver a written notice to Buyer.   SECTION 8.17. BOOKS AND
RECORDS. At the Closing, or as soon as possible thereafter, Seller shall
transfer to Buyer the original copies of the Product Records. Seller may
retain one archival copy of the Product Records and Contracts solely for
archival purposes or as required by Applicable Law.   SECTION 8.18. NON-
EXCLUSIVE LICENSE. In the event Seller receives approval from the FDA of a
product with labeling providing for combination use of Infergen and
Actimmune, Seller hereby grants to Buyer an irrevocable, fully paid-up,
royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, non-exclusive license in the Territory
to any Intellectual Property covering such combination therapy. Furthermore,
Seller hereby grants to Buyer an irrevocable, fully paid-up, royalty-free,
perpetual, transferable, non-exclusive license to any Intellectual Property
owned or controlled by Seller related to the Product which is not derived
from the Amgen Agreements, and which is not assigned, transferred
or exclusively licensed to Buyer under this Agreement, if any; provided,
however, that any such license shall be limited to such rights as are
necessary to make, use, practice, market, sell or otherwise commercialize the
Product in the Territory for any purpose or approved indication, including
any future approved indication, or as are necessary to exercise or practice
any rights, obligations or other licenses under this Agreement.   SECTION
8.19. ASSISTANCE REGARDING REQUIRED SEC FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES.   (a) Seller
shall cause to be prepared and delivered to Buyer, on or before forty five
(45) days following the Closing, an audited income statement, statement of
cash flow and balance sheet for the Product Business as of and for the twelve
month period ending December 31, 2005 (the "2005 Audited Financials"). Buyer
hereby agrees to reimburse Seller for one-half of Seller\'s costs and
expenses associated with preparing the 2005 Audited Financials.    -44-
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED     (b) In addition to the foregoing,
upon Buyer\'s request, Seller shall from time to time prior to and after
Closing provide Buyer with such financial information relative to Seller,
Infergen and/or the Product Business as Buyer may reasonably require in order
for Buyer to comply with Buyer\'s financial disclosure obligations under the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission relative to
Buyer\'s acquisition of the Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller
shall not be required to generate new financial reports or analysis, or
reformat existing reports or analysis, but rather shall only be required to
provide the required financial information to Buyer in the form currently
maintained by Seller.   ARTICLE IX -- INDEMNIFICATION   SECTION 9.1.
SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Other than the representations
and warranties contained in Section 3.2, which shall survive indefinitely,
and those in Section 3.9 and Section 3.10, which shall survive for any
applicable statute of limitations, all representations and warranties made in
this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement by Buyer or Seller shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the applicable
Ancillary Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of
eighteen (18) months following the Closing Date (unless a different
applicable time period is set forth in such representation, warranty or
covenant), and shall be deemed to have been relied upon by each other party
hereto, notwithstanding any investigation made by or on behalf of such party;
provided that if notice of any claim for indemnification is given pursuant to
Section 9.3 prior to such time and such notice describes with specificity the
circumstances with respect to which such indemnification relates, such
indemnification claim shall survive until such time as such claim is finally
resolved.   SECTION 9.2. INDEMNIFICATION.   (a) Seller\'s Indemnification
Obligations. Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer and its
Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees
(collectively, the "Buyer Indemnitees") from and against any and all losses,
liabilities, claims, damages (including consequential damages), expenses
(including costs of investigation and defense and reasonable attorneys\' fees
and expenses) or diminution of value (collectively, "Buyer Losses") to the
extent that such Buyer Losses are based on, result from or arise in
connection with:   (i) the breach of any representation or warranty made by
Seller or a  Seller Indemnitee in this Agreement or any Ancillary
Agreement;   (ii) any failure of Seller or a Seller Indemnitee to duly to
perform  or observe any provision, obligation, covenant or agreement to be
performed  or observed by Seller or a Seller Indemnitee pursuant to this
Agreement or  any Ancillary Agreement;   (iii) the Excluded
Liabilities;    -45-     (iv) the operation of Seller\'s business,
including the Product  Business prior to the Closing (except with respect to
Assumed Liabilities  relating to such pre-Closing operation); or   (v) any
Liability of Seller under the Amgen Agreements arising prior  to the
Effective Time (including any Liability arising out of Seller\'s  operations
prior to the Effective Time irrespective of when such Liability  is first
asserted).  provided, however, that Seller shall not be obligated to
indemnify, defend or hold harmless any Buyer Indemnitee under this Section
9.2(a) for any Buyer Losses incurred by a Buyer Indemnitee to the extent
arising out of or principally attributable to: (A) any act or omission by a
Buyer Indemnitee, which constitutes negligence, recklessness, gross
negligence, or willful misconduct on the part of such Buyer Indemnitee, or
(B) the breach of any representation or warranty made by Buyer or a Buyer
Indemnitee in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, or (C) any failure
of Buyer or a Buyer Indemnitee duly to perform or observe any provision,
obligation, covenant or agreement to be performed or observed by Buyer or a
Buyer Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, or
(D) the Assumed Liabilities.   (b) Buyer\'s Indemnification Obligations.
Buyer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller and its Affiliates and
their respective officers, directors, agents and employees (collectively, the
"Seller Indemnitees") from and against any and all losses, liabilities,
claims, damages, expenses (including costs of investigation and defense and
reasonable attorneys\' fees and expenses), or diminution of value
(collectively, "Seller Losses") to the extent that such Seller Losses are
based on, result from, or arise in connection with:   (i) the breach of any
representation or warranty made by Buyer or a  Buyer Indemnitee in this
Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement;   (ii) any failure of Buyer or a Buyer
Indemnitee duly to perform or  observe any provision, obligation, covenant or
agreement to be performed or  observed by Buyer or a Buyer Indemnitee
pursuant to this Agreement or any  Ancillary Agreement;   (iii) the Assumed
Liabilities;   (iv) the operation by Buyer of the Product Business following
the  Closing; or   (v) any Liability of Buyer under the Amgen Agreements
arising from and  after the Effective Time.  provided, however, that Buyer
shall not be obligated to indemnify, defend or hold harmless any Seller
Indemnitee under this Section 9.2(b) from any Seller Claim or for any Seller
Losses incurred by a Seller Indemnitee to the extent arising out of or
principally attributable to: (A) any act or omission by a Seller Indemnitee,
which constitutes negligence, recklessness, gross negligence, or willful
misconduct on the part of such Seller Indemnitee, or (B) the breach of any
representation or warranty made by Seller or a Seller Indemnitee in
this Agreement or any    -46-    Ancillary Agreement, or (C) any
failure of Seller or a Seller Indemnitee to duly to perform or observe any
provision, obligation, covenant or agreement to be performed or observed by
Seller or a Seller Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement or any Ancillary
Agreement, or (D) the Excluded Liabilities.   SECTION 9.3. INDEMNIFICATION
PROCEDURES.   (a) In the event a Party\'s right to indemnification hereunder
arises out of or results from a Third Party claim (a "Third Party Claim"),
each indemnified Party (the "Indemnified Party") shall notify the
indemnifying Party (the "Indemnifying Party") in writing (and in reasonable
detail) of the Third Party Claim within twenty (20) Business Days after
receipt by such Indemnified Party of notice of the Third Party Claim (the
"Indemnification Claim Notice"), or otherwise becoming aware of the existence
or threatened existence thereof. Failure to give such notice shall not
constitute a defense, in whole or in part, to any claim by an Indemnified
Party hereunder except to the extent the rights of the Indemnifying Party are
materially prejudiced by such failure to give notice.   (b) At its option,
the Indemnifying Party may assume the defense of any Third Party Claim by
giving written notice to the Indemnified Party within thirty (30) days after
the Indemnifying Party\'s receipt of an Indemnification Claim Notice. The
assumption of the defense of a Third Party Claim by the Indemnifying Party
shall not be construed as an acknowledgment that the Indemnifying Party is
liable to indemnify any Indemnitee in respect of the Third Party Claim, nor
shall it constitute a waiver by the Indemnifying Party of any defenses it may
assert against any Indemnitee\'s claim for indemnification. Upon assuming the
defense of a Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party may appoint as lead
counsel in the defense of the Third Party Claim any legal counsel selected by
the Indemnifying Party that is reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified
Party. In the event the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of a Third
Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall promptly deliver to the Indemnifying
Party all original notices and documents (including court papers) received by
any Indemnitee in connection with the Third Party Claim. Should
the Indemnifying Party assume the defense of a Third Party Claim, except as
provided in Section 9.3(c) below, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable
to the Indemnified Party or any other Indemnitee for any legal expenses
subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Party or other Indemnitee in
connection with the analysis, defense or settlement of the Third Party Claim.
In the event that it is ultimately determined that the Indemnifying Party is
not obligated to indemnify, defend or hold harmless an Indemnitee from and
against the Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall reimburse the
Indemnifying Party for any and all costs and expenses (including attorneys\'
fees and costs of suit) and any Damages incurred by the Indemnifying Party in
its defense of the Third Party Claim with respect to such Indemnitee.   (c)
Without limiting Section 9.3(b), any Indemnitee shall be entitled to
participate in, but not control, the defense of such Third Party Claim and
to employ counsel of its choice for such purpose; provided, however, that
such employment shall be at the Indemnitee\'s own expense unless (A) the
employment thereof has been specifically authorized in advance by the
Indemnifying Party in writing, (B) the Indemnifying Party has failed to
assume the defense and employ counsel in accordance with Section 9.3(b) (in
which case the Indemnified Party shall control the defense) or (C) if the
Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party are both named   
-47-    parties to the proceeding and the Indemnified Party has reasonably
concluded that there may be one or more legal defenses that are different
from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying Party (in which
case the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense of
such action on behalf of the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party
shall be liable for all legal expenses incurred by the Indemnified Party in
furtherance thereof).   (d) With respect to any Buyer Losses or Seller
Losses, as the case may be, relating solely to the payment of money damages
in connection with a Third Party Claim and that will not result in the
Indemnitee\'s becoming subject to injunctive or other relief or otherwise
materially adversely affect the business of the Indemnitee in any manner, and
as to which the Indemnifying Party shall have acknowledged in writing the
obligation to indemnify the Indemnitee hereunder, the Indemnifying Party
shall have the sole right to consent to the entry of any judgment, enter into
any settlement or otherwise dispose of such Buyer Losses or Seller Losses, as
the case may be, on such terms as the Indemnifying Party, in its reasonable
discretion, shall deem appropriate; provided, however, that the Indemnifying
Party shall have obtained a full release from such Third Party in connection
with any such settlement or disposition. With respect to all other Buyer
Losses or Seller Losses, as the case may be, in connection with Third Party
Claims, where the Indemnifying Party has assumed the defense of the Third
Party Claim in accordance with Section 9.3(b), the Indemnifying Party shall
have authority to consent to the entry of any judgment, enter into any
settlement or otherwise dispose of such Buyer Losses or Seller Losses, as the
case may be; provided that it obtains the prior written consent of the
Indemnified Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement or
other disposition of Buyer Losses or Seller Losses, as the case may be, by an
Indemnitee that is reached without the written consent of the Indemnifying
Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).
Regardless of whether the Indemnifying Party chooses to defend or prosecute
any Third Party Claim, no Indemnitee shall admit any liability with respect
to, or settle, compromise or discharge, any Third Party Claim without the
prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   (e) Regardless of whether the
Indemnifying Party chooses to defend or prosecute any Third Party Claim, the
Indemnified Party shall, and shall cause each other Indemnitee to, cooperate
in the defense or prosecution thereof and shall furnish such records,
information and testimony, provide such witnesses and attend such
conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings, trials and appeals as may be
reasonably requested in connection therewith. Such cooperation shall include
access during normal business hours afforded to the Indemnifying Party to,
and reasonable retention by the Indemnified Party of, records and information
that are reasonably relevant to such Third Party Claim, and
making Indemnitees and other employees and agents available on a mutually
convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any
material provided hereunder, and the Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the
Indemnified Party for all its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection
therewith. If the Indemnified Party controls the defense of the claim, the
Indemnifying Party shall cooperate with the Indemnified Party on the terms
described above.    -48-     SECTION 9.4. LIMITATIONS.   (a) The
indemnification provided for in Section 9.2(a)(i) and Section 9.2(a)(ii)
shall not apply unless and until the aggregate Buyer Losses for which Buyer
seeks or has sought indemnification hereunder, as stated in one or more claim
notices, exceed a cumulative aggregate of $[***] (the "Basket"), in
which case the right to recover Buyer Losses shall apply to the full amount
of the Basket, and in no event shall the aggregate liability of Seller for
Buyer Losses pursuant to Sections 9.1(a)(i) and (ii) exceed $[***] (the
"Buyer\'s Cap"); provided, however, that neither the Basket, nor the Buyer\'s
Cap, shall apply to any indemnification claim (i) involving fraud or willful
misrepresentation on the part of Seller, (ii) based upon a breach of Sections
[***], or (iii) under Section [***].   (b) The indemnification provided for
in Section 9.2(b)(i) and (ii) shall not apply unless and until the aggregate
Seller Losses for which Seller seeks or has sought indemnification hereunder,
as stated in one or more claim notices, exceed the Basket, in which case the
right to recover Seller Losses shall apply to the full amount of the Basket,
and in no event shall the aggregate liability of Buyer for Seller Losses
pursuant to Sections 9.2(b)(i) and (ii) exceed $[***] ("Seller\'s Cap");
provided, however, that neither the Basket nor the Seller\'s Cap shall apply
to any indemnification claim (i) involving fraud or willful misrepresentation
on the part of Buyer, (ii) based upon a breach of Sections [***], or (iii)
under Section [***].   (c) Nothing in this Agreement shall (i) limit the
right of any Party to seek specific performance of, or equitable relief with
respect to, another Party with respect to a breachof any covenant or
agreement set forth in this Agreement or (ii) be deemed a waiver by any Party
to this Agreement of any right or remedy which such Party may have at law or
in equity based on any claim of fraud.   SECTION 9.5. RIGHT OF SETOFF.
Buyer may setoff any amount to which it is entitled under this Article IX
against amounts otherwise payable to Seller hereunder or under the Ancillary
Agreements, provided that any amount to be setoff is reasonably determined in
good faith and is no greater than any amount to which Buyer is entitled to
under this Article IX. Neither the exercise nor the failure to exercise such
right of setoff shall constitute an election of remedies or limit Buyer in
any manner in the enforcement of any other remedies that may be available to
it.   ARTICLE X -- MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS   SECTION 10.1.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND PUBLICITY.   (a) The Mutual Confidential Disclosure
between Seller and Buyer, dated July 14, 2005 (the "Confidentiality
Agreement") is hereby incorporated in this Agreement as though fully set
forth herein. All Information provided to Recipient (or its representatives
or Affiliates) by the Discloser (or its representatives or Affiliates), as
the case may be, shall be shall be subject to and treated in accordance with
the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement. As used in this Section 10.1, the
terms "Information", "Recipient" and "Discloser" shall have the
meanings    -49- ***CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED    assigned to
such terms in the Confidentiality Agreement. Upon the Effective Time, the
Confidentiality Agreement shall expire and be of no further force and effect
with respect to all Information relating to the Product Business,
the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities; provided, however, such
expiration of the Confidentiality Agreement shall in no way prejudice or
adversely affect Seller\'s or Buyer\'s ability to seek damages, or any other
remedy available to Seller or Buyer, as appropriate, with respect to a
violation by such other Party (or its Affiliates or representatives) of the
Confidentiality Agreement prior to or after the Effective Time. Upon and
after the Effective Time, the Confidentiality Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect pursuant to its terms with respect to all other Information
that does not relate to the Product Business, the Purchased Assets or the
Assumed Liabilities.   (b) From and after the Effective Time, all
Information exclusively concerning the Product Business, the Purchased Assets
and the Assumed Liabilities (the "Buyer Proprietary Information") shall be
used by Seller solely as required to perform its obligations, exercise or
enforce its rights under this Agreement (or any Ancillary Agreement), or
comply with Applicable Law, and for no other purpose. Seller shall not
disclose, or permit the disclosure of, any of the Buyer Proprietary
Information to any Person except those Persons to whom such disclosure is
necessary to permit Seller to perform its obligations, exercise or enforce
its rights under this Agreement (or any Ancillary Agreement), or comply with
Applicable Law. Seller shall treat, and will cause its Affiliates and the
directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives and advisors of
Seller or any of their Affiliates to treat, the Buyer Proprietary Information
as confidential, using the same degree of care as Seller normally employ to
safeguard its own confidential information from unauthorized use or
disclosure, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care.   (c) All
Information obtained by Buyer (or its Affiliates or Representatives) from
Seller (or its Affiliates or Representatives) other than the Buyer
Proprietary Information (the "Seller Proprietary Information") shall be used
by Buyer solely as required to perform its obligations, exercise or enforce
its rights under this Agreement (or any Ancillary Agreement), or comply with
Applicable Law, and for no other purpose. Buyer shall not disclose, or permit
the disclosure of, any of Seller Proprietary Information to any person except
those persons to whom such disclosure is necessary to permit Buyer\'s perform
its obligations, exercise or enforce its rights under this Agreement (or any
Ancillary Agreement), or comply with Applicable Law. Buyer shall treat,
and will cause its Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees,
agents, representatives and advisors of Buyer or any of their Affiliates to
treat, Seller Proprietary Information as confidential, using the same degree
of care as Buyer normally employ to safeguard its own confidential
information from unauthorized use or disclosure, but in no event less than a
reasonable degree of care.   (d) In the event either Party is requested
pursuant to, or required by, Applicable Law to disclose any of the other
Party\'s proprietary information (i.e., Seller Proprietary Information or
Buyer Proprietary Information, as applicable), it will notify the other Party
in a timely manner so that such Party may seek a protective order or other
appropriate remedy or, in such Party\'s sole discretion, waive compliance
with the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement. Each Party will co-
operate in all reasonable respects, in connection with any reasonable actions
to be taken for the foregoing purpose. In any event, the Party requested
or    -50-    required to disclose such proprietary information may
furnish it as requested or required pursuant to Applicable Law (subject to
any such protective order or other appropriate remedy) without liability
hereunder, provided that such Party furnishes only that portion of the
Confidential Information which such Party is advised by a reasoned opinion of
its counsel is legally required, and such Party exercises reasonable efforts
to obtain reliable assurances that confidential treatment will be accorded
such proprietary information.   (e) No public announcement or other
disclosure concerning the existence of, terms, or subject matter of this
Agreement (and any Ancillary Agreement) and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby shall be made, either directly or indirectly, by any
Party, without first obtaining the approval of the other Party and agreement
upon the nature and text of such public announcement or other disclosure
which such agreement and approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. The
Party desiring to make any such public announcement or other disclosure
(including those which are legally required) shall inform the other Party of
the proposed announcement or disclosure in reasonably sufficient time prior
to public release, which shall be not less than fifteen (15) days (or such
shorter period as the Parties may agree upon in writing, or such shorter
period applicable to those public announcements or other disclosure which are
legally required) prior to release of such proposed public announcement or
other disclosure, and shall provide the other Party with a written copy
thereof in order to allow such other Party to comment upon such public
announcement or other disclosure. Each Party agrees that it shall co-operate
fully with the other with respect to all disclosures regarding this Agreement
and any Ancillary Agreement to any governmental or regulatory agencies,
including requests for confidential treatment of proprietary information of
either Party included in any such disclosure.   (f) Nothing in this Section
10.1 shall be construed as preventing or in any way inhibiting either Party
from complying with Applicable Law governing activities and obligations
undertaken pursuant to this Agreement, in any manner which it reasonably
deems appropriate, including, for example, by disclosing to regulatory
authorities confidential or other information received from the other Party,
subject to Section 10.1(e).   SECTION 10.2. NOTICES. Notices required or
permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and sent by overnight
express mail (e.g., FedEx), or by facsimile confirmed by overnight express
mail (e.g., FedEx), (failure of such confirmation shall not affect the
validity of such notice by facsimile to the extent the receipt of such notice
is confirmed by the act of the receiving Party (e.g., a facsimile of the
receiving Party submitting its receipt of such notice)) and shall be deemed
to have been properly served to the addressee upon receipt of such written
communication, to the following addresses of the Parties:    -51-    
If to the Seller:  InterMune, Inc.  3280 Bayshore Boulevard  Brisbane,
California 94005  Attention: General Counsel  Fax: (415) 466-2364   with a
copy to:  Latham and Watkins LLP  12636 High Bluff Drive, Suite 400  San
Diego, California 92130  Attention: Faye H. Russell, Esq.  Fax: (858)
523-5450   If to the Buyer:  Valeant Pharmaceuticals North America  3300
Hyland Avenue  Costa Mesa, California 92626  Attention: General Counsel 
Fax: (714) 641-7206   with a copy to:  Winstead Sechrest and Minick P.C. 
1201 Elm, 5400 Renaissance Tower  Dallas, Texas 75270  Attention: Mark G.
Johnson, Esq.  Fax: (214) 745-5390   SECTION 10.3. MODIFICATION; WAIVER.
This Agreement may be modified only by a written instrument executed by the
Parties hereto specifically referencing this Agreement.   SECTION 10.4.
EXPENSES. All expenses, including the fees of any attorneys, accountants,
investment bankers or others engaged by a Party, incurred in connection with
this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, shall be paid by the Party incurring such expenses.  
SECTION 10.5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The agreement of the Parties, which
is comprised of this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements, the
Confidentiality Agreement, the schedules and the documents referred to
herein, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties
and supersedes any prior agreement or understanding, written or oral,
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. All Schedules, appendices,
and exhibits referred to in this Agreement are incorporated herein by
reference.    -52-     SECTION 10.6. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement may not
be assigned by either Party without the prior written consent of the other
Party; provided, however, that either Party shall have the right to assign
its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates or
to any Third Party successor to all or substantially all of (i) its entire
business, or (ii) its consumer healthcare or pharmaceuticals business. In no
event shall any assignment hereof to any Affiliate or Third Party be deemed
to relieve the assigning Party of its liabilities or obligations to the other
Party under this Agreement, and the assigning Party expressly acknowledges
and agrees that it shall remain fully and unconditionally obligated and
responsible for the full and complete performance of all of its obligations
under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.   SECTION 10.7. THIRD
PARTIES. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit
of, or enforceable by, any Third Party.   SECTION 10.8. WAIVER. The waiver
by either Party of a breach or a default of any provision of this Agreement
by the other Party shall not be construed as a waiver of any succeeding
breach of the same or any other provision, nor shall any delay or omission on
the part of either Party to exercise or avail itself of any right, power or
privilege that it has or may have hereunder operate as a waiver of any right,
power or privilege by such Party.   SECTION 10.9. SEVERABILITY. If any part
of this Agreement is declared invalid by any legally governing authority
having jurisdiction over either Party, then such declaration shall not affect
the remainder of the Agreement and the Parties shall revise the invalidated
part in a manner that will render such provision valid without impairing the
Parties\' original intent.   SECTION 10.10. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.   SECTION
10.11. HEADINGS. The headings are placed herein merely as a matter of
convenience and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of any
of the provisions of this Agreement.   SECTION 10.12. EXECUTION IN
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall
constitute one and the same agreement. Each of the Parties agrees to accept
and be bound by facsimile signatures hereto.   SECTION 10.13. FORCE MAJEURE.
Neither Party shall lose any rights hereunder or be liable to the other Party
for damages or losses on account of failure of performance by the defaulting
Party if the failure is occasioned by government action, war, terrorism,
fire, explosion, flood, strike, lockout, embargo, shortage of materials or
utilities, vendor failure to supply, act of God, or any other cause beyond
the control and without the fault or negligence of the defaulting Party,
provided that the Party claiming force majeure has exerted all reasonable
efforts to avoid or remedy such force majeure; provided, however, that in no
event shall a Party be required to settle any labor dispute or disturbance.
Such excuse shall continue as long as the condition preventing
the performance continues. Upon cessation of such condition, the affected
Party shall    -53-    promptly resume performance hereunder. Each
Party agrees to give the other Party prompt written notice of the occurrence
of any such condition, the nature thereof, and the extent to which the
affected Party will be unable to perform its obligations hereunder. Each
Party further agrees to use all reasonable efforts to correct the condition
as quickly as possible and to give the other Party prompt written notice when
it is again fully able to perform its obligations.   SECTION 10.14.
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES. In making and performing this Agreement, the
Parties are acting, and intend to be treated, as independent entities and
nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed or implied to create
an agency, partnership, joint venture, or employer and employee relationship
between Buyer and Seller. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
neither Party may make any representation, warranty or commitment, whether
express or implied, on behalf of or incur any charges or expenses for or in
the name of the other Party. No Party shall be liable for the act of
any other Party unless such act is expressly authorized in writing by both
Parties hereto.   SECTION 10.15. ARBITRATION. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, in the event that there shall be a dispute among the
Parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the indemnities provided in Article IX hereof, or the breach
thereof, the Parties agree that such dispute shall be finally resolved by
binding arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and
Supplementary Procedures for Large Complex Disputes of the American
Arbitration Association ("AAA"), and judgment on the arbitration award may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitration shall be
conducted by a panel of three persons experienced in the pharmaceutical
business: within thirty (30) days after initiation of arbitration, each Party
shall select one person to act as arbitrator and the two Party-selected
arbitrators shall select a third arbitrator within thirty (30) days of their
appointment. If the arbitrators selected by the Parties are unable or fail to
agree upon the third arbitrator, the third arbitrator shall be appointed by
the AAA. Within 45 days of initiation of arbitration, the Parties shall reach
agreement upon and thereafter follow procedures assuring that the arbitration
will be concluded and the award rendered within no more than six months from
selection of the arbitrators. Failing such agreement, the AAA will design and
the Parties will follow procedures that meet such a time schedule. The
arbitrators (i) shall not have any power or authority to add to, alter, amend
or modify the terms of this Agreement but shall specify rules sufficient to
allow reasonable discovery by the Parties; (ii) shall establish and enforce
appropriate rules to ensure that the proceedings, including the decision, be
kept confidential and that all confidential information of the Parties be
kept confidential and be used for no purpose other than the arbitration;
(iii) shall have the power to enforce specifically this Agreement and the
terms and conditions hereof in addition to any other remedies at law or in
equity; and (iv) shall issue all decisions in writing. The place of
arbitration shall be San Francisco, California, and all proceedings and
communications shall be in English. Either Party may apply to the arbitrators
for interim injunctive relief until the arbitration award is rendered or the
controversy is otherwise resolved. Either Party also may, without waiving any
remedy under this Agreement, seek from any court having jurisdiction any
injunctive or provisional relief necessary to protect the rights or property
of that Party pending the arbitration award. The arbitrators shall have no
authority to award punitive or any other type of damages not measured by a
Party\'s compensatory damages. Each Party shall bear its own costs and
expenses and attorneys\' fees and an equal share of the arbitrators\' fees
and any administrative fees of   -54-    arbitration. Except to the
extent necessary to confirm an award or as may be required by law, neither a
Party nor an arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of an
arbitration without the prior written consent of both Parties. In no event
shall an arbitration be initiated after the date when commencement of a legal
or equitable proceeding based on the dispute, controversy or claim would be
barred by the applicable California statute of limitations.   [Signatures
appear on the following page]    -55-     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first
above written.  INTERMUNE, INC.   /s/ Daniel G.
Welch ------------------------------------- By: Daniel G. Welch Title:
President and  Chief Executive Officer   VALEANT PHARMACEUTICALS NORTH
AMERICA   /s/ Timothy C. Tyson ------------------------------------- By:
Timothy C. Tyson Title: President   '

