    STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT     by
and among   WLFI HOLDINGS, INC.,   WINSLOEW FURNITURE, INC.,   BROWN
JORDAN INTERNATIONAL, INC.,   and   THE STOCKHOLDERS OF BROWN JORDAN
INTERNATIONAL, INC.       dated as of May __,
2001            LA/639066.18 -1-  This Stock Purchase Agreement
(this "Agreement") is made this __ day of May, 2001, by and among WLFI
HOLDINGS, INC., a Florida corporation ("Holdings"), WINSLOEW FURNITURE, INC.,
a Florida corporation ("WinsLoew" or the "Purchaser"), BROWN JORDAN
INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and the selling
shareholders set forth on Schedule 1 hereto (each individually, a "Seller"
and collectively, the "Sellers"). The Purchaser, the Company, Holdings, and
the Sellers are each referred to in this Agreement as a "Party" and
collectively as the "Parties."   The Sellers directly own all of the
outstanding voting capital stock of the Company to be outstanding as of the
Closing (defined below).   This Agreement contemplates a transaction in
which the Purchaser will purchase from the Sellers, and the Sellers will sell
to the Purchaser, all of the outstanding voting capital stock of the Company
to be outstanding as of the Closing.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the premises and the mutual promises herein made, and in consideration of the
representations, warranties and covenants herein contained, the Parties agree
as follows.  1. Definitions and Interpretation. 
------------------------------  (a) Definitions. As used in this Agreement,
the following terms have the meaning specified or referred to below:  
"Accounts Receivable" means all of the Company\'s accounts, instruments,
drafts, acceptances and other forms of receivables and all rights earned
under the Company\'s contracts to sell goods or render services.   "Accrued
Commissions" means accrued commissions payable by the Company calculated in
accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with the preparation of
the Financial Statements.   "Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in Rule
12b-2 of the regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act.  
"Affiliated Group" means any affiliated group within the meaning of Section
1504 of the Code.   "Authority" means any federal, state, local or
foreign governmental regulatory agency, commission, bureau, authority, court
or arbitration tribunal.   "Business Day" means a day which is not a
Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday on which banking institutions in the
State of California are authorized to be closed.   "Business of the
Company" means the manufacturing, distributing and selling of outdoor
furniture and casual furniture having design and materials similar to outdoor
furniture to the residential and contract markets.   "Changes in Accounting
Principles" includes all changes in accounting principles, policies,
practices, procedures or methodologies with respect to financial statements,
their classification or their display, as well as all changes in practices,
methods, conventions or assumptions (unless required by objective changes in
underlying events) utilized in making accounting estimates.   "Charter" and
"bylaws", respectively, mean with respect to any corporation, those
instruments that, among other things, (i) define its existence, as filed or
recorded with the applicable Authority, including such corporation\'s
Articles or Certificate of Incorporation, and (ii) otherwise govern its
internal affairs, in each case as amended, supplemented, or restated.  
"Class A Warrants" means the Company\'s Class A Warrants to purchase Company
Common Stock at the exercise price of $.01 per share.   "Class B Warrants"
means the Company\'s Class B Warrants to purchase Company Common Stock at the
exercise price of $.01 per share.   "Class C-1 Warrants" means the
Company\'s Class C-1 Warrants to purchase Company Common Stock at the
exercise price of $1.14 per share.   "Class C-2 Warrants" means the
Company\'s Class C-2 Warrants to purchase Company Common Stock at the
exercise price of $2.28 per share.   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended.   "Company" means Brown Jordan International, Inc., a
Delaware  corporation and includes each and every subsidiary thereof.  
"Company Common Stock" means the Common Stock, $.01 par value, of the
Company.   "Confidential Information" means data and information
relating to the business of the Company (which may or may not rise to the
level of a Trade Secret) and which has value to the Company and is not
generally known to its competitors. Confidential Information does not include
any data or information that (i) has been voluntarily disclosed to the public
by the Company, (ii) has been independently developed and disclosed by
others, or (iii) otherwise enters the public domain through lawful means.  
"Disclosure Schedule" means the Disclosure Schedule accompanying this
Agreement. Any matters disclosed in such Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed
to qualify each and every representation and warranty of the Sellers in this
Agreement to which such matters are relevant.   "Employee Pension Benefit
Plan" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(2).   "Employee Welfare
Benefit Plan" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(1).  
"Employment Agreement" means the Employment Agreement to be entered into
between the Company and Dale Boles, at Closing.   "Environmental Laws" means
all federal, state, local, regional and foreign statutes, regulations and
ordinances concerning workplace health and safety and pollution or protection
of the environment, including all those relating to the presence, use,
production, generation, handling, transportation, treatment, storage,
disposal, distribution, labeling, testing, processing, discharge, release,
threatened release, control or cleanup of any hazardous materials, substances
or wastes.   "Environmental Claim" means any written notice or claim by
any person or any Authority alleging potential liability (including
potential liability for investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental
response costs, natural resources damages, property damages, personal
injuries or penalties) arising out of, based on or resulting from (i) the
presence, release or threatened release into the environment, of any Material
of Environmental Concern at any location, whether or not owned, leased or
operated by the Company, or (ii) any violation, or alleged violation, of any
Environmental Laws.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA Affiliate" means any Person that would be
aggregated with the Company under 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.  
"Exchange Agreement" means the Exchange, Contribution and Subscription
Agreement, dated as of even date herewith, by and among Holdings and the
shareholders named therein.   "Funded Indebtedness" means, with respect to
any Person (without duplication), the aggregate amount (including the current
portions thereof) of (i) all indebtedness of such Person for money borrowed
from others, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds,
debentures or other similar instruments, (iii) all obligations, contingent or
otherwise, of such Person for the deferred purchase price of assets, property
or services other than trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in and
customer deposits received in the ordinary course of business, (iv) all
indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even
though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement
in the event of default are limited to the repossession or sale of such
property), (v) all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that
have been, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases, (vi) all of
the Preferred Shares and the amounts to be paid to the holders of Class A
Warrants, Class B Warrants, Class C-1 Warrants, Class C-2 Warrants, and Non-
Management Options (to the extent not paid by the Company pursuant to
Sections 2(a)(i)(A), 2(a)(i)(B) or 2(a)(ii)(B) hereof, as applicable), (vii)
all indebtedness or obligations of others of the type described in clauses
(i) through (vi) above guaranteed, directly or indirectly, in any manner by
such Person, or in effect guaranteed, directly or indirectly, in any manner
by such Person, through an agreement, contingent or otherwise, to supply
funds to, or in any other manner invest in, the debtor, or to
purchase indebtedness, or to purchase and pay for property if not delivered
or to pay for services if not performed, primarily for the purpose of
enabling the debtor to make payment of the indebtedness or to assure the
owners of the indebtedness against loss, but excluding endorsements of checks
and other instruments in the ordinary course, (viii) all indebtedness or
obligations of the type described in clauses (i)through (vi) above secured by
(or for which the holder or obligee thereof has an existing right, contingent
or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon property owned by such Person,
even though such Person has not in any manner become liable for the payment
of such indebtedness or obligations and (ix) interest expense accrued but
unpaid, and all fees and prepayment premiums, on or relating to any of the
foregoing, however, Funded Indebtedness shall in any event exclude trade
accounts payable and accrued expenses of the type reflected in the Financial
Statements.   "GAAP" means United States generally accepted
accounting principles, consistently applied, as in effect from time to
time.   "Holdings Common Stock" means the Common Stock, par value $0.01, of
Holdings.   "Holdings Common Stock Exchange Ratio" means 0.0636. 
------------------------------------   "Holdings Options" means the options
to purchase shares of Holdings Common Stock issued under the Holdings Stock
Option Plan.   "Holdings Options Agreement" means the Holdings
Option Agreement, dated as of even date herewith, by and between Holdings and
such persons who receive the Holdings Options, substantially in form attached
as Exhibit A hereto.   "Holdings Notes" shall mean the Series A Notes
and/or the Series B Notes (as such terms are defined hereinafter).   "IRS"
means the Internal Revenue Service.   "Information Technology" means
computer software (including all related source codes, specifications and
data, data bases and documentation), computer firmware, computer hardware (in
each case whether general or specific purpose) and other similar or related
items of automated, computerized or software systems that are used or relied
upon by any Person in the conduct of such Person\'s trade or business.  
"Intellectual Property" means (i) all U.S. and foreign patents and patent
applications and statutory invention registrations, (ii) all trademarks,
service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, Internet domain names and
corporate names, and all related U.S. and foreign registrations, applications
and renewals, together with all goodwill associated therewith (including all
translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations of the foregoing),
(iii) all copyrights and all related U.S. and foreign
registrations, applications and renewals, (iv) all Trade Secrets and
Confidential Information, including inventions (whether reduced to practice
or not and whether patentable or not), ideas, compositions, know-how,
manufacturing and production processes and techniques, research and
development information, drawings, specifications, designs, plans, proposals,
technical data, business and marketing plans, and customer and supplier lists
and related information) and (v) all Information Technology.   "Inventory"
means all of the inventories of the Company, including raw materials, work in
progress, finished goods, packaging goods and other like items.  
"Knowledge" (and the related phrase "to the Knowledge of") means (i) with
respect to any Seller, the actual knowledge of such Seller that such
representation or warranty is true and correct to the same extent as provided
in the applicable representation and warranty, (ii) with respect to
the Company making the representations and warranties under Section 3C, the
actual knowledge of the Company that such representation or warranty is true
and correct to the same extent as provided in the applicable representation
and warranty, after reasonable investigations and inquiries of the
responsible officers of the Company, and (iii) with respect to the Purchaser,
the actual knowledge of Bobby Tesney or Vincent A. Tortorici, Jr. that such
representation or warranty is true and correct to the same extent as provided
in the applicable representation and warranty, after reasonable
investigations and inquiries of the responsible officers of the
Purchaser.   "LADD Agreement" means that certain Stock Purchase
Agreement, dated as of November 7, 1995, by and between Ladd Furniture, Inc.,
a North Carolina corporation ("LADD"), and BJCL, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, as amended.   "Lien" means any mortgage, pledge, lien,
encumbrance, charge or other security interest, whether or not related to the
extension of credit or the borrowing of money.   "Loss" or "Losses" means
all damages, dues, penalties, fines, reasonable amounts paid in settlement,
Taxes, costs, obligations, losses, expenses, and fees (including court costs
and reasonable attorneys\' fees and expenses), including, as the context may
require, any of the foregoing which arise out of or in connection with any
actions, suits, proceedings, hearings, third party investigations, charges,
complaints, claims, demands, injunctions, judgments, orders, decrees or
rulings.   "Material Adverse Change" or "Material Adverse Effect" means any
change or effect that is materially adverse to the business,
assets, financial condition or results of operations of the Company;
provided, that the terms Material Adverse Change and Material Adverse Effect
shall not be deemed to include changes or effects arising from: (a) changes
in the economy of the United States or the global economy, (b) changes in
GAAP, (c) this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or the
announcement thereof (including the resignation of officers or employees of
the Company (other than Dale Boles, Robert Ginn, and Richard Frinier)), and
(d) changes in the furniture manufacturing and sales industry in general.  
"Material Contract" means any written or, to the Sellers\' or the Company\'s
Knowledge, oral contract or agreement to which the Company is a party, or by
which the Company or any of its assets is bound, and which (a) relates to
Funded Indebtedness or is a letter of credit, pledge, bond or
similar arrangement running to the account of or for the benefit of the
Company, (b) relates to the purchase, maintenance or acquisition of, or sale
or furnishing of, materials, supplies, merchandise, machinery, equipment,
parts or any other property or services (excluding any such contract made in
the Ordinary Course of Business and which is expected to be fully performed
within 90 days of the date hereof or which involves revenues or expenditures
of less than $100,000), (c) is a collective bargaining agreement, (d)
obligates the Company not to compete with any business, or which otherwise
restrains or prevents the Company from carrying on any lawful business or
which restricts the right of the Company to use or disclose any information
in its possession (excluding in each case customary restrictive covenants
contained in agreements entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business), (e)
(i) relates to employment, compensation, severance, or consulting between the
Company and any of its officers or directors, or (ii) is between the Company
and any other employees or consultants of the Company who are entitled to
compensation thereunder in excess of $50,000 per annum, (f) is a lease or
sublease of real property, or a lease, sublease or other title retention
agreement or conditional sales agreement involving annual payments in excess
of $50,000 individually or $200,000 in the aggregate for any
machinery, equipment, vehicle or other tangible personal property (whether
the Company is a lessor or lessee), (g) is a contract for capital
expenditures or the acquisition or construction of fixed assets for or in
respect of any real property involving payments to be made after the date
hereof in excess of $100,000, (h) is a contract granting any Person a Lien on
any of the assets of the Company, in whole or in part (other than Permitted
Liens), where the secured amount exceeds $100,000, (i) is a contract by which
the Company retains any manufacturer\'s representatives, broker or other
sales agent, distributor or representative or through which the Company is
appointed or authorized as a sales agent, distributor or representative, (j)
is a joint venture or partnership contract or a limited liability company
operating agreement with any Seller, or with any Affiliate of any Seller, (k)
is (i) an agreement for the storage, transportation, treatment and disposal
of any materials subject to regulation under any Environmental Laws, or (ii)
a contract for storage, transportation or similar services with carriers or
warehousemen (excluding any such contract entered into in the Ordinary Course
of Business and involving aggregate annual expenditures not exceeding
$100,000), (l) is an agreement or arrangement with any Affiliate of any
Seller, or (m) any other agreement (or group of related agreements) the
performance of the executory portion of which involves consideration in
excess of $100,000 or which cannot be terminated by the Company upon 90 days
notice.   "Materials of Environmental Concern" means chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum and
petroleum products in each case with respect to which liability or standards
of conduct are imposed pursuant to any Environmental Laws.   "Maytag
Agreement" means that certain Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of June 1,
1989, by and among LADD, Maytag Corporation, a Delaware corporation and other
parties named therein, as amended.   "Merger" means the Merger transaction
contemplated under the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of even date
herewith, by and among Holdings, Purchaser and WLFI Merger, Inc., a Florida
corporation.   "Most Recent Balance Sheet" means the balance sheet
contained within the Most Recent Financial Statements.   "Multiemployer
Plan" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(37).   "Options" means
options to purchase Company Common Stock whether issued under the Company\'s
1996 Stock Option Plan or otherwise, and includes Management Options and Non-
Management Options (as such terms are defined in Section 2(a)(ii)(A) and
Section 2(a)(ii)(B), respectively).   "Ordinary Course of Business\' means
the ordinary course of business consistent with past custom and practice
(including with respect to quantity and frequency).   "Party" has the
meaning set forth in the preface above.   "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions
under ERISA.   "Permitted Liens" means such of the following as to which
no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall
have been commenced: (i) Liens set forth in the Disclosure Schedule or noted
in the Financial Statements, (ii) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable and
for which adequate reserves are maintained on the financial statements of the
Company as of the Closing Date in accordance with GAAP, (iii) pledges or
deposits to secure obligations under workers or unemployment compensation
Laws or similar legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations,
(iv) mechanic\'s, materialman\'s, supplier\'s, vendor\'s or similar Liens
arising in the Ordinary Course of Business securing amounts which are not
overdue and for which adequate reserves are maintained on the financial
statements of the Company as of the Closing Date in accordance with GAAP and
(v) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts (other than
for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds,
performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the
Ordinary Course of Business.   "Person" means an individual, a partnership,
a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock
company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization or a
governmental entity (or any department, agency or political subdivision
thereof).   "Preferred Shares" means shares of Series A
Redeemable Preferred Stock, $.01 par value per share, of the Company.  
"Purchase Price Per Share" shall be the amount equal to the difference
between $9.89 and a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the aggregate
of the amounts to be paid by the Company at or prior to the Closing as set
forth on Schedule 2(a)(iii) hereto and the denominator of which shall
be 8,419,908.   "Representative" shall be the Person so designated in
Section 3A hereof.   "Restricted Area" means (i) the State of California,
and (ii) each of the other states, territories and possessions of the United
States and each of the other countries and territories of the World in which
the Company conducts or has conducted the Business of the Company during the
five years preceding the Closing Date .   "Restricted Business of the
Company" means the manufacturing, distributing and selling of casual indoor
and outdoor furniture to the residential and contract markets.  
"Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.   "Securities
Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
"Series A Notes" mean the Series A Unsecured Subordinated Promissory Notes,
dated as of even date herewith, issued by Holdings substantially in the form
attached as Exhibit B hereto.   "Series B Notes" mean the Series B Unsecured
Subordinated Promissory Notes, dated as of even date herewith, issued by
Holdings substantially in the form attached as Exhibit C hereto.  
"Subsidiary" when used with respect to any Person means any other Person,
whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which (i) more than 50% of the
securities or other ownership interests or (ii) securities or other interests
having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect more than 50% of the
board of directors or others performing similar functions with respect
to such corporation or other organization, is directly owned or controlled by
such Person or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries.   "Tax" or "Taxes"
means all federal, state, local and foreign taxes (including income or
profits taxes, premium taxes, excise taxes, sales taxes, use taxes, gross
receipts taxes, franchise taxes, ad valorem taxes, severance taxes, capital
levy taxes, transfer taxes, value added taxes, employment and payroll-related
taxes, property taxes, business license taxes, occupation taxes, import
duties and other governmental charges and assessments), of any kind
whatsoever, including interest, additions to tax and penalties with respect
thereto, whether disputed or not.   "Tax Return" means any return,
declaration, report, claim for refund or information return or statement
relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and
including any amendment thereof.   "Trade Secrets" means information and
data relating to the Company, without regard to form, whether technical or
nontechnical, including but not limited to formulas, patterns, compilations,
programs, devices, methods, techniques, drawings, processes, financial data,
financial plans, product plans or lists of actual or potential customers or
suppliers which is not commonly known by or available to the public and which
(a) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being known to, and
not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can
obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, and (b) is the subject of
efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its
secrecy.   "Transaction Documents" means this Agreement, the
Employment Agreement(s), the Exchange Agreement, the Holdings Options
Agreements, and the Holdings Notes.   "Warrants" means the Class A
Warrants, Class B Warrants, Class C-1 Warrants and Class C-2 Warrants.  (b)
Additional Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have
the meanings specified in the Sections referred to below:   Term Section  
AAA 12(I)  Accountant 2(h)(ii)  Agreement Preamble  Closing 2(f)  Closing
Balance Sheet 2(h)(I)  Closing Date 2(f)  Company Preamble  Company Permits
3C(I)  Defense Counsel 7(b)(iv)  Defense Notice 7(b)(iv)  Employee Benefit
Plans 3C(t)  Financial Statements 3C(e)  WinsLoew Preamble  Indemnified
Parties 7(b)(iv)  Indemnifying Parties 7(b)(iv)  Real Property 3C(m)  Most
Recent Financial Statements 3C(e)  Most Recent Fiscal Month End 3C(e)  Most
Recent Fiscal Year End 3C(e)  Party(ies) Preamble  Pre-Closing Tax Periods
6(g)(I)  Property 3C(m)  Purchase Price 2(c)  Purchaser Preamble  Rules
12(I)  Shares 2(b)  Sellers Preamble  Seller Transaction Expenses 2(d)(I) 
Third Party Claim 7(b)(iv)  (c) Interpretation. As used in this Agreement,
the word "including" means without limitation, the word "or" is not exclusive
and the words "herein", "hereof", "hereby", "hereto" and "hereunder" refer to
this Agreement as a whole. Unless the context otherwise requires, references
herein: (i) to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules (including the
Disclosure Schedule) mean the Articles and Sections of and the Exhibits and
Schedules attached to this Agreement; (ii) to an agreement, instrument or
document means such agreement, instrument or document as amended,
supplemented and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the
provisions thereof and by this Agreement; and (iii) to a statute means such
statute as amended and as it exists on the date hereof. The Schedules
(including the Disclosure Schedule) and Exhibits referred to herein shall be
construed with and as an integral part of this Agreement to the same extent
as if they were set forth verbatim herein. Titles to Articles and headings of
Sections are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be
deemed a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of
this Agreement.  2. Transactions Prior to Closing; Purchase and Sale of
Shares; Satisfaction of Funded Indebtedness; Closing.  (a) Transactions
Prior to Closing. Immediately prior to Closing, subject to the satisfaction
of all of the conditions to Closing contained in Section 9(b) other than
conditions to be satisfied by deliveries at or upon Closing, the Company and
certain securityholders of the Company will take the following actions:  (i)
Warrants.  --------  (A) Each holder of the Class A Warrants and the Class
B Warrants shall surrender to the Company all of its Class A Warrants and the
Class B Warrants, as the case may be, to purchase shares of Company Common
Stock and shall receive, in consideration for the surrender by such holder of
its Class A Warrants or Class B Warrants, as the case may be, in lieu of any
shares of Company Common Stock otherwise issuable upon the exercise of such
Class A Warrants or the Class B Warrants, an amount of cash equal to the
product of (1) the difference between the Purchase Price Per Share and the
exercise price of such Class A Warrants or Class B Warrants, as the case may
be, and (2) the number of shares of Company Common Stock otherwise issuable
to such holder upon the exercise of such Class A Warrants or Class B
Warrants, as applicable. To the extent not otherwise paid by the Company, the
amounts required to be paid pursuant to this Section 2(a)(i)(A) shall
constitute Funded Indebtedness to be paid by Purchaser pursuant to
Section 2(c) hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the
shares of Company Common Stock which would have otherwise been issuable upon
the exercise of the Class A Warrants or the Class B Warrants, as applicable,
had such Class A Warrants or Class B Warrants been exercised, shall
constitute Shares (as defined hereinafter) under this Agreement for purposes
of allocating (among the Sellers) the liabilities of Sellers arising under
Section 7 hereof.  (B) Each holder of the Class C-1 Warrants and the Class
C-2 Warrants shall surrender to the Company all of its Class C-1 Warrants and
the Class C-2 Warrants, as the case may be, to purchase shares of Company
Common Stock and shall receive, in consideration for the surrender by such
holder of its Class C-1 Warrants and the Class C-2 Warrants, as the case may
be, in lieu of any shares of Company Common Stock otherwise issuable upon the
exercise of such Class C-1 Warrants and the Class C-2 Warrants, an amount of
cash equal to the product of (1) the difference between the Purchase Price
Per Share and the exercise price of such Class C-1 Warrants and the Class C-2
Warrants, as the case may be, and (2) the number of shares of Company Common
Stock otherwise issuable to such holder upon the exercise of such Class C-1
Warrants or Class C-2 Warrants, as applicable. To the extent not otherwise
paid by the Company, the amounts required to be paid pursuant to this Section
2(a)(i)(B) shall constitute Funded Indebtedness to be paid by Purchaser
pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, the shares of Company Common Stock which would have otherwise been
issuable upon the exercise of the Class C-1 Warrants and the Class C-2
Warrants, as applicable, had such Class C-1 Warrants or Class C-2 Warrants
been exercised, shall constitute Shares under this Agreement for purposes of
allocating (among the Sellers) the liabilities of Sellers arising under
Section 7 hereof.  (ii) Options.  -------  (A) Management Options. Each
holder of Options outstanding immediately prior to the Closing as set forth
on Schedule 2(a)(ii)(A) hereto (the "Management Options"), shall exercise
(without payment therefor) all of such holder\'s Management Options for the
shares of Company Common Stock and shall be entitled to receive, at such
holder\'s election, Shares and/or Holdings Options, in accordance with the
following:  (a) The Company shall deliver to each such holder certificates
representing such number of the shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of such Management Options, to be determined as provided
hereinafter, which shares shall constitute Shares to be sold to Purchaser
pursuant to this Agreement. The number of shares of Company Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of such Management Options shall be equal to
quotient of (1) the product of (x) the difference between the Purchase Price
Per Share and the exercise price of the Management Options, and (y) the
number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable to such holder upon the
exercise of the Management Options based upon the election made by such
holder (as set forth on Schedule 2(a)(ii)(A) hereto), divided by (2)
the Purchase Price Per Share.  (b) Holdings and each such holder shall
enter into the Holdings Options Agreement, pursuant to which such holder
shall be entitled to receive Holdings Options to purchase such number of
shares of Holdings Common Stock as are set forth under the column marked
"Holdings Shares Issuable Under Holdings Option" on Schedule 2(a)(ii)(A)
hereto.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the aggregate
number of shares of Company Common Stock which would have otherwise been
issuable upon the exercise of the Management Options had such Management
Options been exercised to receive only Shares (and not Holdings Options),
shall constitute Shares under this Agreement for purposes of allocating
(among the Sellers) the liabilities of Sellers arising under Section 7
hereof.  (B) Non-Management Options. Each holder of Options outstanding
immediately prior to the Closing as set forth on Schedule 2(a)(ii)(B) hereto
(the "Non-Management Options"), shall receive, in consideration for the
cancellation of all of such holder\'s Non-Management Options, in lieu of any
shares of Company Common Stock otherwise issuable upon the exercise of such
Non-Management Options, at such holder\'s election, cash and/or the Holdings
Options, in accordance with the following:  (a) An amount of cash equal to
the product of (1) the difference between $9.40 and the exercise price of
such Non-Management Options, and (2) the number of shares of Company Common
Stock issuable to such holder upon the exercise of such Non-Management
Options based upon the election made by such holder (as set forth on Schedule
2(a)(ii)(B)). To the extent not otherwise paid by the Company, the amounts
required to be paid pursuant to this Section 2(a)(ii)(B) shall constitute
Funded Indebtedness to be paid by Purchaser pursuant to Section
2(c) hereof.  (b) Holdings and each such holder shall enter into the
Holdings Options Agreement, pursuant to which such holder shall be entitled
to receive Holdings Options to purchase such number of shares of Holdings
Common Stock as set forth under the column marked "Holdings Shares Issuable
Under Holdings Option" on Schedule 2(a)(ii)(B) hereto.  (iii) Payments
Relating to Employee Bonuses and Management Fees. The Company shall pay to
the employees and other parties, the amounts set forth on Schedule 2(a)(iii)
hereto.   (b) Basic Transaction. On and subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Sellers, and the
Sellers agree to sell to the Purchaser, free and clear of all restrictions on
transfer (other than Permitted Liens and restrictions under the Securities
Act and state securities laws), Liens, claims and demands, all of the shares
of Common Stock owned by the Sellers as of the date hereof as set forth in
Section 3C(d) of the Disclosure Schedule hereto and all shares of Company
Common Stock (including shares issuable upon the exercise of the Options as
contemplated by Section 2(a) hereof) outstanding immediately prior to the
Closing (collectively, the "Shares"), in each case, for the consideration
specified below in this Section 2.  (c) Purchase Price. The aggregate
purchase price to be paid by the Purchaser for all of the Shares (the
"Purchase Price") shall be the product of the Purchase Price Per Share
multiplied by the aggregate number of Shares to be paid as follows: (i)
Purchaser shall cause Holdings to, and Holdings shall pay $22,000,000 in the
form of Holdings Notes (by issuing the Series A Notes or the Series B Notes,
as determined by Sellers, in the principal amounts specified opposite
Sellers\' respective names under the columns marked "Series A Note"
and "Series B Note," respectively, on Schedule 1 hereto and a Series B Note
in favor of BBandT; Capital Markets in the principal amount of $440,000 (it
being understood that the Series B Note to be issued to BBandT; Capital Markets
shall not be subject to the right of set-off described under Section 7 of
such Note)); (ii) Purchaser shall cause Holdings, and Holdings shall issue to
Sellers certificates representing such number of shares of Holdings Common
Stock as are determined by the product of the (1) Holdings Common Stock
Exchange Ratio, and (2) number of Shares specified opposite Sellers\'
respective names under the column marked "Exchange Shares" on Schedule 1
hereto (in exchange for such number of Shares); and (iii) Purchaser shall pay
the remaining amount in cash, not to exceed a gross aggregate total of
$______________. In addition, at the Closing the Purchaser shall pay or cause
to be paid all of the Company\'s Funded Indebtedness as of the open of
business on the Closing Date. The Funded Indebtedness at closing shall be as
set out in accordance with Section 3C(hh) of the Disclosure Schedule, which
Funded Indebtedness shall be paid in accordance with Section 2(e). The
Purchase Price, including the cash portion, the Holdings Options,
the Holdings Notes and the shares of Holdings Common Stock shall be allocated
among the Sellers in accordance with Schedule 1 hereto. The shares of
Holdings Common Stock shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the
Exchange Agreement.  (d) Payment at Closing; Post Closing Adjustment. 
-------------------------------------------  (i) Payment at Closing. On the
Closing Date, the Purchaser shall make payment of that portion of the
Purchase Price payable in cash by wire transfer of immediately available
funds, to an account or accounts designated in writing by the Sellers prior
to the Closing, against delivery by the Sellers to the Purchaser of a stock
certificate or certificates representing all of the Shares, duly endorsed in
blank or accompanied by duly executed assignment documents, sufficient in
form and substance to convey to the Purchaser good title to such Shares, free
and clear of all restrictions on transfer (other than restrictions under the
Securities Act and state securities laws), Liens, claims and demands. The
Sellers may direct the Purchaser to deliver a portion of the Purchase
Price to certain third parties for fees, expenses, costs or other obligations
of the Sellers arising out of or in connection with the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement (the "Seller Transaction Expenses"). The
amount so delivered shall be withheld from the Purchase Price payable at
Closing in accordance with such written directions of the Sellers. At the
Closing, the Sellers shall deliver to the Purchaser a certificate (the
"Purchase Price Calculation Certificate"), in the form of Exhibit D hereto,
setting forth (i) the amount of all Funded Indebtedness of the Company
outstanding immediately prior to the Closing and (ii) the amount of Seller
Transaction Expenses (if any).  (ii) Post Closing Adjustments. 
------------------------  (A) Reserved.  --------  (B) Preparation of
Closing Balance Sheet. The Company shall prepare a balance sheet of the
Company as of the March 31, 2001 (the "Preliminary Closing Balance Sheet").
The Preliminary Closing Balance Sheet will be prepared in accordance with
GAAP and on a basis consistent with the past practices of Company; provided,
however, the Parties acknowledge and agree that the reserves for Taxes of the
Company set forth on the Preliminary Closing Balance Sheet shall not reflect
any tax benefits associated with the payments described under
Section 2(a)(iii). The retained earnings account per the Preliminary Closing
Balance Sheet shall be established as the "Target Retained Earnings."  (C)
Closing Balance Sheet Audit. Purchaser shall cause KPMG LLP to audit
the Preliminary Closing Balance Sheet and the balance sheet resulting from
such audit shall be referred to as the "Audited Closing Balance Sheet." Not
later than 75 days after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall deliver to the
Sellers the Audited Closing Balance Sheet. The retained earnings account per
the Audited Closing Balance Sheet shall be referred to as the "Audited
Retained Earnings". The Purchaser shall calculate the "Preliminary Post-
Closing Purchase Price Adjustment" by subtracting the Audited Retained
Earnings from the Target Retained Earnings, if such difference is positive.
If such difference is zero or negative, then there shall be no Preliminary
Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment or other adjustment to the Purchase
Price pursuant to this Section 2(d)(ii). All work papers, documents and
records used or generated by the Purchaser and its accountants and other
representatives in connection with the preparation of its Preliminary Closing
Balance Sheet, the Audited Closing Balance Sheet and the calculation of the
Preliminary Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment will be made available to
the Sellers. Unless the Sellers give the Purchaser a written objection to the
Audited Closing Balance Sheet or the Preliminary Post-Closing Purchase Price
Adjustment within 30 days after the Sellers\' receipt thereof, the Audited
Closing Balance Sheet and the Preliminary Post-Closing Purchase Price
Adjustment will become final and binding upon the parties and shall be deemed
to be the "Final Closing Balance Sheet" and the "Final Post-Closing Purchase
Price Adjustment," respectively. The Parties agree that the Company Audit
Assessment (as such term is defined in Section 7(b)), if any, shall not be
taken into account for purposes of determining the Final Post-Closing
Purchase Price Adjustment and shall be addressed solely pursuant to the
provisions of Section 7, except if the IRS issues a final report with respect
to the Company\'s audit described under Section 7(b)(i)(B) prior to
the Closing Date, in which case the Company Audit Assessment, if any, shall
be taken into account for purposes of determining the Final Post-Closing
Purchase Price Adjustment. The Parties also agree that any adjustments
relating to any tax benefits associated with the payments described under
Section 2(a)(iii) shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining
the Final Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment.  (D) Closing Balance
Sheet Dispute. If the Sellers object to the Audited Closing Balance Sheet or
the Preliminary Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment and the Purchaser and
the Sellers are able to resolve any dispute relating thereto within 15 days
after Sellers\' objection, the Audited Closing Balance Sheet and the
Preliminary Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment (each as adjusted
to reflect such resolution) will become final and binding upon the parties
and shall be deemed to be the "Final Closing Balance Sheet" and the
"Final Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment," respectively. If the Sellers
object to the Audited Closing Balance Sheet or the Preliminary Post-Closing
Purchase Price Adjustment and the Purchaser and the Sellers are unable to
resolve any disputes relating thereto within 15 days after Sellers\'
objection, all such disputes will be resolved in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement by a nationally recognized independent public accounting firm
to be selected by the Sellers and the Purchaser by mutual agreement (other
than the accounting firms of KPMG LLP and Ernst and Young LLP) (the
"Independent Accountants"), who shall be instructed to perform their services
as expeditiously as possible. The determinations of the Independent
Accountants shall be presented in a "Final Closing Balance Sheet" with
respect to the Company and a "Final Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment"
with respect to the Company, each of which shall be prepared by
the Independent Accountants in accordance herewith and shall be final and
binding upon the parties; provided, however, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary: (i) the Purchase Price shall not be adjusted if the Final Post-
Closing Purchase Price Adjustment (whether based upon the initial Audited
Balance Sheet, or upon agreement of the Parties, or upon the determination of
the Independent Accountants) would result in a decrease in the Purchase Price
by an amount equal to or less than $175,000; and (ii) any adjustments to the
Purchase Price due to the Final Post Closing Purchase Price Adjustment shall
be limited to an amount equal to $1,000,000. The fees and expenses of the
Independent Accountants for the resolution of any dispute shall be paid by
the Purchaser and the Sellers pro rata in proportion with the allocation of
the amounts in dispute between the Purchaser and Sellers. The Sellers\'
portion of such fees and expenses shall be borne by all of the Sellers pro
rata in accordance with the number of the Shares held by each of them as set
forth on Schedule 1 hereto.  (E) Adjustment to Aggregate Principal Payable
under Holdings Notes. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section
2(d)(ii)(D), if, after giving effect to the Final Post-Closing Purchase Price
Adjustment, the Purchase Price is less than the payment made by the Purchaser
at the Closing pursuant to subsection 2(d)(i) (a "Purchase Price Shortfall"),
then the aggregate unpaid principal balance payable under the Holdings Notes
shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount of the Purchase Price
Shortfall and the aggregate amount of principal thus reduced shall be
allocated among the Sellers\' Holdings Notes pro rata in accordance with the
applicable relative proportions of amounts of the Holdings Notes set forth on
Schedule 1 hereto.  (e) Funded Indebtedness. On the Closing Date,
concurrently with the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to the holders of
Funded Indebtedness an amount sufficient to repay all Funded Indebtedness
outstanding immediately prior to the Closing, with the result that
immediately following the Closing there will be no further obligations of the
Company, monetary or otherwise, with respect to any Funded Indebtedness
outstanding immediately prior to the Closing. Prior to the Closing Date, the
Company will provide the Purchaser with customary pay-off letters from all
holders of Funded Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to the Closing
(except Preferred Shares), and make arrangements reasonably satisfactory to
the Purchaser for such holders to provide to the Purchaser recordable form
mortgage and lien releases, canceled notes, trademark and patent assignments
(if applicable) and other documents reasonably requested by the Purchaser
simultaneously with the Closing. If the Purchaser directs the Company to pay
any of the Company\'s Funded Indebtedness, the Purchaser shall provide
the Company with sufficient funds to do so. The repayment of Funded
Indebtedness shall include, without limitation, the election of each holder
of Preferred Shares (indicated on Section 3C(d) of the Disclosure Schedule)
that is a signatory hereto, pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Certificate of
Designations for the Preferred Shares, to cause the Company to redeem all of
its Preferred Shares, and the payment by or on behalf of the Company of such
redemption price at Closing. The execution of this Agreement by a holder of
Preferred Shares shall constitute a notice of special optional redemption for
purposes of Section 6(c) of the Certificate of Designations for the Preferred
Shares.  (f) The Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place by the execution and delivery
of the Transaction Documents and other closing items contemplated herein at a
location as the Parties may hereafter agree, or by the execution and delivery
of the Transaction Documents and other closing items contemplated herein by a
courier agreed to by the Parties, on the __th day of May, 2001 (the "Closing
Date"), and shall be effective for all purposes of this Agreement as of 12:01
a.m., Pacific Standard Time, on the Closing Date. Except as otherwise
provided herein, all proceedings to be taken and all documents to be executed
at the Closing shall be deemed to have been taken, delivered and executed
simultaneously, and no proceeding shall be deemed taken nor documents deemed
executed or delivered until all have been taken, delivered and
executed.  (g) Deliveries at the Closing. At the Closing: 
-------------------------  (i) Dale Boles and the Company shall execute and
deliver their respective Employment Agreement;  (ii) Holdings and certain
Sellers shall execute and deliver the Holdings Options Agreement(s);  (iii)
The Sellers shall deliver to the Purchaser a certificate issued by
the Secretary of State of the State of California and each state (if any) in
which the Company is qualified as a foreign entity, as of a date reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser, as to the good standing (or existence or non-
dissolution, as applicable) of the Company in such states, and (B) a good
standing certificate from the Franchise Tax Board of the State of California,
if and to the extent available, as of a date reasonably acceptable to the
Purchaser;  (iv) The Sellers shall deliver to the Purchaser (A) a copy of
the Company\'s Charter, as amended to date, certified as of the recent date
by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and (B) all minute books,
stock transfer books, blank stock certificates and corporate seals of the
Company;  (v) The Sellers shall deliver to the Purchaser a certificate of
the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, as to (A) the Charter of the
Company and no amendments thereto since a specified date, (B) the bylaws of
the Company, (C) the resolutions of the directors of the Company authorizing
the execution and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby; and (D) incumbency and signatures of the
officers of the Company executing this Agreement and any other agreement,
instrument or document executed by the Company in connection with this
Agreement;  (vi) Each of Purchaser and Holdings shall deliver to the Sellers
a certificate issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Florida, as of
a date reasonably acceptable to the Sellers, as to the good standing (or
existence or non-dissolution, as applicable) of the Purchaser and Holdings,
as the case may be, in such state;  (vii) Each of Purchaser and Holdings
shall deliver to the Sellers a copy of the Purchaser\'s Charter and the
Holdings Charter, as the case may be, as amended to date, certified as of the
recent date by the Secretary of State of the State of Florida;  (viii) Each
of Purchaser and Holdings shall deliver to the Sellers a certificate of the
Secretary of the Purchaser and the Secretary of Holdings, as the case may be,
dated the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Sellers, as to (A) the Charter of the Purchaser and the Charter of
Holdings, as the case may be, and no amendments thereto since a specified
date; (B) the bylaws of the Purchaser and Holdings, as the case may be; (C)
the resolutions of the directors of the Purchaser and Holdings, as the case
may be, authorizing the execution and performance of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby; and (D) incumbency and signatures of the
officers of the Purchaser and Holdings, as the case may be, executing this
Agreement and any other agreement, instrument or document executed by the
Purchaser in connection herewith;  (ix) The Sellers shall deliver to the
Purchaser the resignations of all of the directors and officers of the
Company, which resignations shall be effective as of the Closing;  (x) The
Sellers shall deliver to the Purchaser the various certificates and documents
referred to in Section 9(a) below;  (xi) The Purchaser shall deliver to the
Sellers the various certificates and documents referred to in Section 9(b)
below;  (xii) The Purchaser shall deliver the Purchase Price to the Sellers
in accordance with Section 2(d) above and the Sellers shall deliver the
stock certificates representing the Shares attached to executed stock
transfer powers;  (xiii) Holdings shall deliver to Sellers the stock
certificates representing shares of Holdings Common Stock and the Holdings
Notes in accordance with Section 2(d) above;  (xiv) The Sellers shall
deliver to the Purchaser an opinion letter from Sellers\' attorney in the
form of Exhibit E hereto;  (xv) The Purchaser shall deliver to the Sellers
an opinion letter from Purchaser\'s attorney in the form of Exhibit F
hereto;   (xvi) The Sellers shall deliver the Purchase Price Calculation
Certificate;  (xvii) The Company shall have a minimum of __________
available under its working capital line of credit as shown on Section 3C(hh)
of the Disclosure Schedule; and  (xviii) The Purchaser and certain Sellers
shall have executed the Exchange Agreement.  (h) Transfer Taxes. Other than
Purchaser\'s income taxes, each Seller, severally and jointly, shall be
responsible for the payment of all transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp,
registration and other such Taxes (including any penalties and interest), if
any, which may be payable with respect to the transfer of such Seller\'s
Shares. Each Seller will, at its expense, file all necessary Tax Returns and
other documentation with respect to all such transfer, documentary, sales,
use, stamp, registration and other such Taxes and fees and, if required by
applicable law, the Purchaser will, and will cause the Company to, join
in the execution of any such Tax Returns and other
documentation.  3.  3.A. APPOINTMENT OF REPRESENTATIVE. In order to
efficiently administer the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including, without limitation, the defense and/or settlement of any claims
for which the Sellers may be required to indemnify the Purchaser pursuant to
Section 7, each Seller (other than Equity-Linked Investors II, a New York
limited partnership ("ELI-II")) hereby agrees to the appointment of the
Representative. The Representative is hereby authorized to take any and all
action as is contemplated to be taken by the Sellers (other than ELI-II) by
the terms of this Agreement. All decisions and actions taken by the
Representative shall be binding upon all of the Sellers (other than ELI-II)
and none of the Sellers (other than ELI-II) shall have the right to object,
dissent, protest or otherwise contest the same. By their execution of this
Agreement, each Seller (other than ELI-II) agrees that:  (a) all actions,
decisions and instructions of the Representative shall be final, conclusive
and binding upon the Sellers (other than ELI-II);  (b) the provisions of
this Section 3A are independent and severable, are irrevocable and coupled
with an interest, and shall be enforceable notwithstanding any rights or
remedies that any Seller (other than ELI-II) may have in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement;  (c) for all purposes
hereunder, the Representative shall be Michael J. Fourticq, Sr., unless and
until the Sellers (other than ELI-II) shall deliver to the Purchaser the
unanimous written consent of the Sellers (other than ELI-II and Michael J.
Fourticq, Sr.) naming a substitute therefor;  (d) the Sellers (other than
ELI-II) shall pay to the Representative pro rata in accordance with their
respective ownership of Shares any out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred
by the Representative in connection with discharging his functions pursuant
to this Section 3A; and  (e) the provisions of this Section 3A shall be
binding upon the executors, heirs, legal representatives and successors of
each Seller (other than ELI-II), and any references in this Agreement to a
Seller means and includes the successors to such Seller\'s rights hereunder,
whether pursuant to testamentary disposition, the laws of descent and
distribution or otherwise.  3.B. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
SELLERS AS TO SELLER MATTERS. Each Seller, severally and not jointly,
represents and warrants to the Purchaser and to Holdings, as of the date of
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as follows:  (a) Capacity. Such
Seller has all requisite capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents to which such Seller is a party and to
perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder.  (b) Binding Obligation.
This Agreement constitutes, and the other Transaction Documents to which such
Seller is a party, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid
and legally binding obligations of such Seller enforceable against such
Seller in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, except as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
and other similar laws affecting creditors\' rights generally and by
general principles of equity, regardless of whether asserted in a proceeding
in equity or at law.  (c) Noncontravention. Neither the execution and the
delivery of this Agreement by such Seller nor the execution and delivery by
such Seller of the other Transaction Documents to which such Seller is a
party, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby, will (i) violate any statute, regulation or rule of any Authority to
which such Seller is subject, (ii) violate any injunction, judgment, order,
decree or ruling of any Authority to which such Seller is subject or (iii)
conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in
the acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate,
modify or cancel, or require any notice under any agreement, contract, lease,
license or instrument to which such Seller is a party or by which such Seller
is bound or to which any of such Seller\'s assets is subject (except, in each
case, for such violations or conflicts which would not have a Material
Adverse Effect or prevent or materially delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby). Except as set forth under Section 3B(c) of
the Disclosure Schedule, such Seller is not required to give any notice to,
make any filing with, or obtain any authorization, consent or approval of any
Authority in order for such Seller to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which
such Seller is a party.  (d) Litigation. There are no actions, suits, claims
or proceedings pending or to the best of such Seller\'s Knowledge threatened
against or involving such Seller or any of his or her assets or properties by
or before any Authority that question the validity of this Agreement or seek
to prohibit, enjoin or otherwise challenge the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby. There are no outstanding orders, judgments,
injunctions, stipulations, awards or decrees of any Authority against such
Seller or any of his or her assets or properties which prohibit or enjoin the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.  (e) Ownership of
Company Common Stock. As of the time immediately prior to the Closing, each
Seller holds or will hold of record and owns or will own beneficially the
number of the Shares set forth in Section 3C(d) of the Disclosure Schedule
and has or will have good title to said number of the Shares, free and clear
of any restrictions on transfer (other than restrictions under the Securities
Act and state securities laws), Liens, claims, and demands. Such Seller is
not a party to any option, warrant, purchase right, or other contract or
commitment that could require the Seller to sell, transfer, or otherwise
dispose of any capital stock of the Company (other than pursuant to this
Agreement, any agreements set forth in Section 3B(e) of the
Disclosure Schedule, and the terms of Preferred Shares). By their execution
of this Agreement, the Sellers hereby agree that upon the Closing, the
Stockholders Agreement among the Sellers as set forth on Section 3B(e) of the
Disclosure Schedule shall be terminated and shall no longer be in force or
effect thereafter. Except as set forth in Section 3B(e) of the Disclosure
Schedule, such Seller is not a party to any voting trusts, proxies, or other
agreements or understandings with respect to the voting of any capital stock
of the Company.  (f) Brokers Fees. Neither such Seller nor any Person acting
on such Seller\'s behalf has engaged any broker, finder or intermediary other
than BBandT; Capital Markets for or on account of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement as a result of which any of the Purchaser or the Company
will have any legal responsibility.  (g) Relationship with Holdings. (i)
Such Seller or any of its officers, directors, trustees, or controlling
persons, has a preexisting personal or business relationship with Holdings;
or (ii) such Seller, by reason of its own business and financial experience
or that of its professional advisers, has the capacity to protect its own
interests in connection with the issuance of the Holdings Notes.  3.C.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLERS AND THE COMPANY WITH RESPECT TO
THE COMPANY. The Sellers, jointly and severally, and the Company (for
itself and each of its subsidiaries) represents and warrants to the
Purchaser, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as
follows:  (a) Organization/Power and Authority to Conduct Business. The
Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the laws of Delaware. The Company is duly authorized to
conduct business and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction
where such qualification is required, except where the lack of such
qualification would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3C(a) of the
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of each jurisdiction in which the
Company is licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation. The
Company has full corporate power and authority to carry on the businesses in
which it is engaged and to own and use the properties owned and used by it.
Except as disclosed on Section 3C(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company
does not have any Subsidiary, and does not own, directly or indirectly, any
capital stock or other equity interests in any corporation, partnership or
other entity.  (b) Noncontravention. Neither the execution and the delivery
of this Agreement by the Company, nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, will (i) violate any statute, regulation or rule of any
Authority to which the Company is subject, (ii) violate any injunction,
judgment, order, decree or ruling of any Authority to which the Company is
subject or any provision of the Charter or bylaws of the Company or (iii)
except as set forth under Section 3C(b) of the Disclosure Schedule and except
as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, conflict with, result in a
breach of, constitute a default under, result in the acceleration of, create
in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel, or require
any notice under any agreement, contract, lease, license or instrument to
which the Company is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its
assets is subject (except, in each case, for such violations or conflicts
which would not have a Material Adverse Effect or prevent or materially delay
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby). Except as set
forth under Section 3C(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not
required to give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain
any authorization, consent or approval of any Authority in order for the
Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in order to sell the Shares hereunder the Purchaser and the
Company must comply with the applicable waiting period subsequent to the
filing of their respective Hart-Scott-Rodino Pre-merger Notification Forms.
With respect to any such disclosures listed in Section 3C(b) of the
Disclosure Schedule, the Company shall, prior to the Closing Date, perform
all commercially reasonable acts necessary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which
such Company is a party.  (c) Brokers Fees. Neither the Company nor any
Person acting on the Company\'s behalf has paid or become obligated to pay
any fee or commission to any broker, finder or intermediary other than BBandT;
Capital Markets for or on account of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. The Sellers collectively will pay any and all fees and expenses
due and owing to BBandT; Capital Markets in connection with the transactions
described in this Agreement out of the Purchase Price payable at Closing
under Section 2(d).  (d) Capitalization. Section 3C(d) of the Disclosure
Schedule sets forth the Company\'s authorized classes of capital stock and
for each class of stock of the Company shows (i) the number of shares of
authorized; (ii) the number of shares issued and outstanding; (iii) the names
of the holders of record thereof; and (iv) the number of shares held by each
such holder. All of the issued and outstanding shares of each class of
capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized, are validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and were not issued in violation of the
preemptive rights of any Person or any agreement or law by which the Company
at the time of issuance was bound. Except as disclosed in Section 3C(d) of
the Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding or
authorized subscriptions, warrants, options or, except for this Agreement,
other agreements or rights of any kind to purchase or otherwise receive or be
issued, or securities or obligations of any kind convertible into, any shares
of capital stock or any other security of the Company; there are no dividends
which have accrued or been declared but are unpaid on the capital stock of
the Company; and there are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation,
phantom stock or similar rights with respect to the Company.  (e) Financial
Statements. Set forth in Section 3C(e) of the Disclosure Schedule are the
following financial statements (collectively the "Financial Statements"): (i)
audited balance sheets and statements of income and statements of
shareholders equity and cash flows as of and for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2000 (the "Most Recent Fiscal Year End") for the Company;
and (ii) unaudited balance sheet and statement of income and statement of
cash flows (the "Most Recent Financial Statements") as of and for each of the
months in fiscal year 2001 through March 31, 2001 (the "Most Recent Fiscal
Month End") for the Company. The Financial Statements (including the notes
thereto) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods covered thereby and present fairly the financial
condition of the Company as of such dates and the results of operations of
the Company for such periods; provided, however, that the Most Recent
Financial Statements are subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and
lack footnotes and other presentation items and that the reserves for Taxes
of the Company set forth on the Most Recent Financial Statements do not
reflect any tax benefits associated with the payments described under Section
2(a)(iii).  (f) Absence of Certain Developments. Except as otherwise
contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth in Section 3C(f) of the
Disclosure Schedule, since the Most Recent Fiscal Month End, the Company has
conducted its business only in the Ordinary Course of Business and there has
not been any Material Adverse Change with respect to the Company. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, since that date, except as set
forth in the Disclosure Schedule or in the Financial Statements, the Company
has not:  (i) borrowed any amount or incurred any liabilities, except
liabilities incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business (none of which
results from, arises out of, relates to, is in the nature of or was caused by
any breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement or violation
of law by the Company or any Seller);  (ii) mortgaged, pledged or subjected
to any Lien any of its assets, except for Permitted Liens, or entered into
any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to any
property or asset;  (iii) sold, assigned or transferred any of its tangible
assets, except for sales of Inventory in the Ordinary Course of
Business;  (iv) sold, assigned or otherwise transferred, or abandoned, any
material Intellectual Property right or any claim for infringement
thereon;  (v) suffered any extraordinary losses involving more than $50,000
in the aggregate or canceled, compromised, waived or released any right or
claim (or series of related rights and claims) outside the Ordinary Course of
Business or involving more than $100,000 in the aggregate;  (vi) made any
capital expenditures or commitments therefor in excess of
$100,000 individually or $500,000 in the aggregate;  (vii) entered into any
material agreement, contract, lease or license outside the Ordinary Course of
Business;  (viii) suffered any theft, damage, destruction or casualty loss
in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate, individually or in the aggregate, to
its property, whether or not covered by insurance;  (ix) entered into any
agreement with any labor union or association representing any employee, or
made any wage or salary increase or bonus, or increase in any other direct or
indirect compensation, for or to any of its officers or directors (or, other
than in the Ordinary Course of Business, other employees), or otherwise made
any material change in employment terms for any of its directors, officers
and employees;  (x) made any Change in Accounting Principles;  (xi) made
any increase in or established any bonus, insurance, deferred compensation,
pension, retirement, profit-sharing, stock option (including the granting of
stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance awards or restricted
stock awards or the amendment of any existing stock options,
stock appreciation rights, performance awards or restricted stock awards),
stock purchase or other employee benefit plan or agreement or arrangement or
modified or obligated itself to modify or announced its intention to modify,
the Company\'s personnel policies and practices in any material
respect;  (xii) made any payment (including any dividends or other
distributions with respect to the Common Stock) to the Sellers or any
Affiliate of the Sellers (other than compensation, management fees,
reimbursement of expenses and rent, otherwise payable in the Ordinary Course
of Business) or forgiven any indebtedness due or owing from the Sellers or
any Affiliate of the Sellers to the Company;  (xiii) reclassified,
combined, split, subdivided or redeemed or otherwise repurchased any capital
stock of the Company, or created, authorized, issued, sold, delivered,
pledged or encumbered any additional capital stock (whether authorized but
unissued or held in treasury) or other securities equivalent to or
exchangeable for capital stock, or granted or otherwise issued any
options, warrants or other rights with respect thereto;  (xiv) acquired or
agreed to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing any
portion of the capital stock, partnership interests or assets of, or by any
other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, association or other business organization or
division thereof;  (xv) made any loan or advance (whether in cash or other
property), or made any investment in or capital contribution to, or extended
any credit to, any Person, except (i) short-term investments pursuant to
customary cash management policies, and (ii) advances to employees made in
the Ordinary Course of Business;  (xvi) made any write-down of the value of
Inventory or written off as uncollectible any Account Receivable except for
write-downs and write-offs in the Ordinary Course of Business consistent with
past practices, none of which would reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Change;  (xvii) except in the Ordinary Course of Business
(A) liquidated Inventory or accepted product returns, (B) accelerated
receivables, or (C) delayed payables;  (xviii) made or pledged to make any
charitable contribution; or  (xix) committed to do any of the
foregoing.  (g) Undisclosed Liabilities. To the best of Sellers\' Knowledge,
the Company does not have any material liability (whether asserted or
unasserted, whether absolute or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued,
whether liquidated or unliquidated, and whether due or to become due,
including any liability for Taxes) and to the best of Sellers\' Knowledge,
there is no basis for any present or future action, suit, proceeding,
hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim or demand against the
Company giving rise to any such liability, except for (i) liabilities set
forth on the Financial Statements or in any notes thereto (but only to the
extent such notes quantify any such liabilities), (ii) executory liabilities
under agreements, contracts, leases, licenses and other arrangements entered
into in the Ordinary Course of Business to which the Company or any of its
assets may be bound (none of which results from, arises out of, relates to,
is in the nature of, or was caused by any breach thereof or violation of
law), (iii) liabilities and other matters reflected in the Disclosure
Schedule, and (iv) liabilities which have arisen in the Ordinary Course of
Business since the Most Recent Fiscal Month End (none of which results from,
arises out of, relates to, is in the nature of, or was caused by any breach
of contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement or violation of law by
the Company or the Sellers). Section 3C(g) of the Disclosure Schedule
sets forth as of the Most Recent Fiscal Month End a true and correct listing
of the indebtedness of the Company described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii)
of the definition of Funded Indebtedness.  (h) Legal Compliance. Except as
set forth in Section 3C(h) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company is in
compliance with all applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules, orders and
regulations of all Authorities, except where the failure to comply would not
have a Material Adverse Effect or prevent or materially delay the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Except as set forth in
Section 3C(h) of the Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 1995, the
Company has not received any written communication from any Authority that
alleges that the Company is not in compliance with any foreign, federal,
state or local laws, rules or regulations.  (i) Company Permits. The Company
holds all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and approvals of
all Authorities necessary for the lawful conduct of its business (the
"Company Permits"). The Company is in compliance with the terms of the
Company Permits, except where the failure to comply would not have a Material
Adverse Effect. Section 3C(i) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of
the Company Permits.  (j) Tax Matters.  -----------  (i) The Company has
filed all Tax Returns required to have been filed, has paid all Taxes that
are due to be paid pursuant to such returns (whether or not shown as due
thereon) or pursuant to any assessment that has become payable, and has set
up a reserve for the payment of all Taxes not yet due and payable
that adequately covers all periods through the Most Recent Fiscal Month End.
All such Tax Returns are complete and accurate in all material respects and
disclose all Taxes required to be paid by the Company for the periods covered
thereby. Except as set forth in Section 3C(j) of the Disclosure
Schedule:  (A) there is no action, suit, investigation, audit, claim or
assessment pending or, to the best of Sellers\' Knowledge, proposed or
threatened against the Company with respect to Taxes;  (B) the federal
income tax returns of the Company have not been examined by the IRS;  (C)
the Company has not waived or been requested to waive any statute
of limitations in respect of Taxes and there is no agreement or other
document extending, or having the effect of extending, the period of
assessment or collection of any Taxes;  (D) there are no Liens for Taxes
upon any of the assets of the Company except liens relating to Taxes not
delinquent. All monies the Company is required by applicable law to collect
or withhold from the employees of the Company for income Taxes, social
security and other payroll Taxes, or from independent contractors,
shareholders or other third parties, have been collected or withheld, and
either paid to the respective governmental agencies, set aside in accounts
for such purpose, or accrued, reserved against and entered upon
the applicable books and financial statements of the Company;  (E) the
Company will not be required to include in a taxable period ending after the
Closing Date taxable income attributable to income that accrued in a
prior taxable period but was not recognized in any prior taxable period as a
result of the installment method of accounting, the completed contract method
of accounting, the long-term contract method of accounting, the cash method
of accounting or Section 481 of the Code with respect to a change in method
of accounting occurring before the Closing Date or comparable provisions of
state, local or foreign Tax law;  (F) the Company has not, during the five-
year period ending on the Closing Date, been a personal holding company
within the meaning of Section 541 of the Code;  (G) the Company has never
filed or been included in any combined or consolidated Tax return with any
other person or been a member of an Affiliated Group filing a consolidated
federal income Tax Return; the Company does not otherwise have liability for
the Tax of any other Person under Treas. Reg. 1.1502-6 (or any comparable
provisions of state, local or foreign Tax law) and the Company is not a party
to or bound by any tax sharing agreement, tax indemnity obligation or similar
agreement with respect to Taxes (including any advance pricing agreement,
closing agreement or other agreement relating to Taxes with any taxing
Authority) and is not otherwise responsible by contract or law
(including theories of successor or transferee liability) or otherwise, for
the Taxes of any other Person; and  (H) the Company has withheld and paid
all Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts
paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, shareholder
or other third party.  (ii) The Company has not been at any time after
January 1, 1995 and on or before the Closing Date, a "United States real
property holding corporation" within the meaning of Section ?897 of the Code;
and Sellers will timely supply to Purchaser such documentation as may be
required to relieve the Purchaser of the obligation to withhold Taxes
pursuant to Section ??897 and Section 1445 of the Code.  (iii) As a result
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company will not be
obligated to make a payment to an individual that would be a "parachute
payment" to a "disqualified individual" as those terms are defined
in ?Section 280G of the Code, without regard to whether such payment is
reasonable compensation for personal services performed or to be performed in
the future.  (iv) The Company has not filed a consent under Section 341(f)
of the Code or any comparable provision of a state statute.  (k) Certain
Business Relationships with the Company. Except as set forth in Section 3C(k)
of the Disclosure Schedule and except for normal advances to employees
consistent with past practice, payment of compensation for employment to
employees consistent with past practice, and participation in
Employee Benefit Plans by employees, since December 31, 1996 the Company has
not purchased, acquired or leased any property or services from, or
sold, transferred or leased any property or services to, or loaned or
advanced any money to, or borrowed any money from, or entered into or been
subject to any management, consulting or similar agreement with (i) any
officer, director or shareholder of the Company, or (ii) to the Sellers\'
Knowledge, any of their respective Affiliates. Except as set forth in Section
3C(k) of the Disclosure Schedule, no Affiliate of the Company is indebted to
the Company for money borrowed or other loans or advances, and the Company is
not indebted to any such Affiliate for money borrowed or other loans or
advances.  (l) Title to Tangible Assets Other than Real Property Interests.
Except as set forth in Section 3C(l) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company
has good and valid title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all the
tangible assets (other than real property or interests in real property) used
in the conduct of the Company\'s business, except Inventory sold since the
date hereof in the Ordinary Course of Business, free and clear of any Liens
other than Permitted Liens. The machinery and equipment used regularly in the
conduct of the Business of the Company are in the aggregate in good operating
condition and repair (subject to normal wear and tear), and are suitable for
the purposes for which they are presently used. Except for interests and
rights in property pursuant to any lease, license or other agreement
described in Section 3C(l) of the Disclosure Schedule or pursuant to any
lease, license or other agreement not required to be described in Section
3C(l) of the Disclosure Schedule and except for property supplied by any
customer or supplier in connection with the purchase or sale of products or
services from or to such customer or supplier in the Ordinary Course of
Business, there is no tangible personal property owned by any third
party which is used by the Company in the operation of its business. Section
3C(l) of the Disclosure Schedule lists all machinery, equipment, vehicles,
furniture and other tangible personal property of any kind and description
having a book value in excess of $10,000.00 (other than Inventory) owned or
leased by the Company. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, the Purchaser acknowledges that certain art work, wall displays,
plaques and other objects of sentimental value (none of which, individually
or in the aggregate, is material to the operation of the Company\'s business
and none which will be listed as an asset of the Company on the Closing
Balance Sheet) located at the Company\'s premises (a list of which is set
forth under Section 3C(l) of the Disclosure Schedule) is, and shall remain,
the personal property of the Sellers.  (m) Real Property. All real property
and improvements thereto and interests in real property and improvements
thereto that are owned or leased by the Company are referred to herein
collectively as the "Real Property" or "Properties", and individually as a
"Property". Section 3C(m) of the Disclosure Schedule identifies all Real
Property. Except as set forth on Section 3C(m) of the Disclosure Schedule,
the Company has good and valid title to, or a valid leasehold interest in,
all Real Property in each case free and clear of any Liens, easements,
covenants, rights-of-way and other similar restrictions, except (i) Permitted
Liens and (ii) easements, covenants, rights-of-way and other similar
restrictions of record. To the best of Sellers\' Knowledge, there are no
pending condemnation, expropriation, eminent domain or similar proceedings
affecting all or any portion of such Properties and no such proceedings are
contemplated. There are no leases, subleases, licenses, concessions or other
agreements, written granting to any party or parties the right of use or
occupancy of any portion of any Property. The Company enjoys peaceful and
undisturbed possession of the Real Property. Except as set forth on Section
3C(m) of the Disclosure Schedule or otherwise in the Disclosure Schedule, to
the best of Sellers\' Knowledge ,the Real Property is in compliance with all
applicable local, state and federal laws including, but not limited
to, environmental laws, zoning and land use laws, building codes, safety
codes, fire codes, OSHA laws, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, except
where the failure to be in such compliance would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.  (n) Intellectual Property.  ---------------------  (i) Section
3C(n)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule identifies each pending
patent application and each registered item of Intellectual Property owned or
used by the Company, and each written license agreement (excluding off-the-
shelf or "shrink-wrap" software license agreements) pursuant to which the
Company has granted to any third party, or received from any third party a
grant of, any rights in any of the Intellectual Property owned or used by the
Company. Except as set forth in this Agreement or the Disclosure Schedule,
the Company owns, or possesses adequate and enforceable licenses or rights
(free of Liens other than Permitted Liens) to use all Intellectual Property
currently used by the Company, or necessary to permit the Company to conduct
its business as now conducted.  (ii) Except as set forth in Section
3C(n)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedule, with respect to each item identified in
Section 3C(n)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule:  (A) the Company possesses all
right, title and interest thereto, free and clear of any Lien (other than
Permitted Liens), license or other restriction;  (B) to the best of
Sellers\' Knowledge, such item is not subject to any outstanding injunction,
judgment, order, decree, ruling or charge;  (C) no action, suit, proceeding,
hearing, investigation, written claim or written demand is pending or is, to
the best of Sellers\' Knowledge, threatened which challenges the legality,
validity, enforceability, use or ownership of the item;  (D) to the best of
Sellers\' Knowledge, neither the Company nor any other party to any license
agreement is in breach or default and no event has occurred which with notice
or lapse of time would constitute a breach or default or permit termination,
modification or acceleration thereunder;  (E) to the best of Sellers\'
Knowledge, no party to any license agreement has repudiated any material
provision thereof;  (F) no claims are pending or, to the best of Sellers\'
Knowledge, threatened that the Company is infringing on or otherwise
violating the rights of any person with regard to any such item; and  (G)
to the best of Sellers\' Knowledge, no person is infringing on or
otherwise violating any right of the Company with respect to such
item.  (o) Material Contracts. Section 3C(o) of the Disclosure Schedule
lists the Material Contracts to which the Company is a party. The Company has
made available to the Purchaser a correct and complete copy of each Material
Contract listed in Section 3C(o) of the Disclosure Schedule. With respect to
each such Material Contract, except as disclosed in Section 3C(o) of the
Disclosure Schedule, to the best of Sellers\' Knowledge, (A) the Material
Contract is legal, valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect;
(B) except as disclosed in Section 3C(o) of the Disclosure Schedule neither
the Company nor any other party is in breach or default in any material
respect, and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time would
constitute such a breach or default, or permit termination, modification, or
acceleration, under the Material Contract; (C) no party has repudiated any
provision of the Material Contract, (D) there are no material disputes or
forbearance programs in effect with respect to the Material Contract.  (p)
Powers of Attorney. Except as set forth in Section 3C(p) of the
Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding powers of attorney executed on
behalf of the Company.  (q) Insurance. Section 3C(q) of the Disclosure
Schedule describes each insurance policy maintained by the Company. To the
best of Sellers\' Knowledge, all of such insurance policies are in full force
and effect and the Company is not in default with respect to its obligations
under any of such insurance policies. To the best of Sellers\' Knowledge,
such policies are sufficient for substantial compliance with all requirements
of applicable law and Material Contracts to which the Company is a party.
Since the respective dates of such policies, no notice of cancellation or
non-renewal with respect to any such policy has been received by the Company.
Section 3C(q) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all pending
claims with respect to all such policies.  (r) Litigation. Section 3C(r) of
the Disclosure Schedule sets forth each instance in which the Company (i) is
subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree or ruling or
(ii) is a party or is to the Sellers\' Knowledge threatened to be made a
party, to any action, suit, proceeding, hearing or investigation of, in or
before any Authority.  (s) Labor Relations. Except as set forth in Section
3C(s) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not a party to a collective
bargaining agreement. Except as set forth in Section 3C(s) of the Disclosure
Schedule, (i) since December 31, 1995, the Company has not been involved in
or threatened with any strike, slowdown or work stoppage, (ii) since December
31, 1995, the Company has not been involved in or threatened with any unfair
labor practice charge, arbitration, suit or administrative proceeding
relating to labor matters involving its employees, (iii) to Sellers\'
Knowledge, there are no actions, proceedings or claims pending or threatened
against the Company under any laws relating to employment, including any
provisions thereof relating to wages, hours, collective bargaining,
withholding or the payment of social security or other Taxes, and (iv) the
Company has substantially complied with all applicable immigration laws
including the provisions of the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986
with respect to all of its employees hired after December 31, 1995 by
verifying their employment eligibility and having them complete Form
I-9.  (t) Employee Benefits. Section 3C(t) of the Disclosure Schedule sets
forth (a) all of the current Employee Pension Benefit Plans, Employee Welfare
Benefit Plans and all other employee benefit, fringe benefit plans and
programs maintained or contributed to by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate
with respect to current or former employees of the Company (the "Employee
Benefit Plans").  (i) With respect to each Employee Benefit Plan and except
as disclosed in Section 3C(t) of the Disclosure Schedule:  (A) each such
Employee Benefit Plan (and each related trust, insurance contract or fund)
complies in form and in operation in all material respects with
the applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code and other applicable laws
(including all reporting and disclosure requirements), and has been operated
in all material respects in accordance with its terms;  (B) all
contributions (including all employer contributions and employee
salary reduction contributions, if any) which are due have been paid to each
such Employee Benefit Plan which is an Employee Pension Benefit Plan, and
there are no accumulated funding deficiencies with respect to any such
Employee Pension Benefit Plan;  (C) each such Employee Benefit Plan which
is an Employee Pension Benefit Plan intended to so qualify under Section
401(a) of the Code so qualifies and has received a favorable determination
letter from the IRS as to its qualification under Section 401(a) of the
Code;  (D) no "prohibited transaction" (as such term is defined in Section
406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) has occurred with respect to any
such Employee Benefit Plan which is an Employee Pension Benefit Plan (or its
related trust) which could subject the Company or any officer, director or
employee of the Company, to any Tax or penalty imposed under Section 4975 of
the Code or liability under Section 406 of ERISA;  (E) the Company has
delivered or made available to the Purchaser correct and complete copies of
the plan documents and summary plan descriptions, the most recent
determination letter received from the IRS, the most recent Form 5500 Annual
Report and all accompanying schedules, the most recent actuarial valuation
(if any), and all related trust agreements, insurance contracts and other
funding arrangements which implement each such Employee Benefit Plan;  (F)
no such Employee Benefit Plan which is an Employee Pension Benefit Plan
has been completely or partially terminated or has been the subject of a
"reportable event" (as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) as to which notices
would be required to be filed with the PBGC. No proceeding by the PBGC to
terminate any such Employee Pension Benefit Plan (other than a Multiemployer
Plan) has been instituted;  (G) the Company has not incurred, and will not
incur as a result of any existing condition or the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, any liability to the PBGC (except for required premium
payments, if any), or otherwise under Title IV of ERISA (including any
withdrawal liability) or under the Code with respect to any such Employee
Benefit Plan which is an Employee Pension Benefit Plan and, as of the Closing
Date, the assets of each such Employee Pension Benefit Plan are at least
equal in value to the present value of accrued benefits of the plan, based on
actuarial methods, tables and assumptions reasonably satisfactory to the
Purchaser; and  (H) no action, suit, proceeding, hearing or investigation
with respect to the administration or the investment of assets of any such
Employee Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) is pending or
to the Sellers\' Knowledge threatened.  (ii) The Company does not
contribute to any Multiemployer Plan or have any liability (including
withdrawal liability) under any Multiemployer Plan.  (iii) The Company does
not have any obligation to provide health or other welfare benefits to
former, retired or terminated employees, except as specifically required
under Section 4980B of the Code. With respect to all of its past and present
employees, the Company has complied in all material respects with the notice
and continuation requirements of Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA and
of Section 4980B of the Code.  (iv) The Company has no liability for or
relating to any Employee Benefit Plan or arrangement sponsored, maintained or
contributed to by an ERISA Affiliate.  (v) The consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not entitle any individual
to any severance pay by the Company, and will not accelerate the time of
payment or vesting, or increase the amount of any compensation due to any
individual, and will not be the direct or indirect cause of any amount
payable under any Employee Benefit Plan being classified as an "excess
parachute payment" under Section 280G of the Code.  (u) Environmental,
Health and Safety Matters.  ----------------------------------------  (i)
To the Sellers\' Knowledge, except as disclosed in Section 3C(u) of
the Disclosure Schedule or as would not have a Material Adverse
Effect:  (A) The Company has not disposed of or released any substance,
arranged for the disposal of any substance in violation of any Environmental
Law, knowingly exposed any employee or other individual to any substance or
condition in violation of any Environmental Law, or owned or operated its
businesses or any Property or facility in violation of any Environmental Law
so as to give rise to any liability or corrective or remedial obligation of
the Company under any Environmental Laws.  (B) The Company is in compliance
with all Environmental Laws, except where the failure to comply would not
have a Material Adverse Effect, and the Company has not, since December 31,
1995, received any written communication from any Authority that alleges that
the Company is not in such compliance.  (C) There is no Environmental Claim
pending or, to the best of Sellers\' Knowledge, threatened or recently filed
against the Company or against any Property.  (D) No underground storage
tanks, friable and damaged asbestos-containing materials, or pcb-containing
equipment or fluids are present on any Property in violation of any
Environmental Law.  (E) No Property presently or heretofore owned, leased or
operated by the Company is currently listed on the National Priorities List
or the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Information System, both promulgated under the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or on any
analogous state list.  (F) No off-site location at which the Company has
disposed or arranged for the disposal of any waste is listed on the National
Priorities List or on any analogous state list.  (G) The Company is in
compliance with the Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know Act
("EPCRA"), 42 U.S.C. Section 11001 et seq.  (H) In connection with the
Company\'s right to seek indemnification from the indemnifying parties under
each of the LADD Agreement and the Maytag Agreement, the Company has provided
any required notice to such indemnifying parties with respect to claims to
indemnification arising prior to the date hereof in order to preserve such
rights in accordance with the terms of such agreements.  (ii)
Notwithstanding any other representation and warranty in this Section 3, the
representations and warranties contained in this Section 3C(u) constitute the
sole representations and warranties of the Sellers and the Company
with respect to any Environmental Law, Environmental Claim or any Material
of Environmental Concern.  (v) Customers and Suppliers. Section 3C(v) of
the Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of the names of
the 20 largest (by volume for the year ended September 30, 2000 and year to
date fiscal 2001) customers and the 20 largest (by volume for the year ended
September 30, 2000 and year to date fiscal 2001) suppliers of the Company as
of January 31, 2001. Except as set forth in Section 3C(v) of the Disclosure
Schedule, since September 30, 2000, no event has to the Sellers\' Knowledge
occurred that would materially adversely affect the Company\'s relations with
any such customers or supplier, nor has any such customer or supplier, to the
Sellers\' Knowledge, made any threat to the Company\'s services or
products.  (w) Inventory. Except as disclosed in Section 3C(w) of the
Disclosure Schedule, the Inventory of the Company is merchantable and fit for
the purpose for which it was procured or manufactured. The reserve for slow
moving, obsolete, damaged or defective Inventory (as set forth on the
Financial Statements) has been determined in accordance with GAAP on a basis
consistent with the past custom and practice of the Company. Except as
disclosed in Section 3C(w) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Inventory of the
Company is valued at the lower of cost (on a first-in-first-out basis) or
market in accordance with GAAP on a basis consistent with prior
periods.  (x) Accounts Receivable. Except as disclosed in Section 3C(x) of
the Disclosure Schedule, all of the Accounts Receivable of the Company are
properly reflected on its books and records and arose from bona fide
transactions in the Ordinary Course of Business, and, to the best of
Sellers\' Knowledge, are valid receivables subject to no setoffs or
counterclaims. The reserve for bad debts set forth on the face of the
Financial Statements (rather than in any notes thereto) has been determined
in accordance with GAAP on a basis consistent with the past custom and
practice of the Company.  (y) List of Accounts. Section 3C(y) of the
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all bank and securities accounts,
and all safe deposit boxes, maintained by the Company and a listing of the
persons authorized to draw thereon or make withdrawals therefrom or, in the
case of safe deposit boxes, with access thereto.  (z) Product Warranty.
Except as disclosed in Section 3C(z) of the Disclosure Schedule, within the
last five years, the products manufactured, sold, and delivered by the
Company have in the aggregate conformed in all material respects with all
applicable contractual commitments and all express and implied warranties,
and, to the best of Sellers\' Knowledge, the Company has no
material liability (whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted,
whether absolute or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether
liquidated or unliquidated, and whether due or to become due) for replacement
thereof or other damages in connection therewith. Within the last five years,
substantially all of the products manufactured, sold, and delivered by the
Company are subject to standard terms and conditions of sale, subject to
variations applicable to specific customer requirements. The reserve for
product warranty claims set forth on the face of the Financial Statements
(rather than in any notes thereto) has been determined in accordance with
GAAP on a basis consistent with the past custom and practice of the
Company.  (aa) Repayment of Seller Loans. Except as set forth in Section
3C(aa) of the Disclosure Schedule, the Sellers have satisfied in full all
loans due and owing from them to the Company, if any, together with all
interest accrued thereon.  (bb) Trustee of 401(k) Plan. Unless the Purchaser
requests in writing prior to Closing the resignation of the trustees under
the Company\'s 401(k) Plan, such trustees shall remain as trustees under the
Company\'s 401(k) Plan after Closing until the Purchaser or the Company
directs otherwise.  (cc) Employee List. The Company has no employees other
than those listed in Section 3C(cc) of the Disclosure Schedule. Section
3C(cc) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and correct list of all
employees of the Company, their dates of hire, accrued vacation and sick
leave, and salaries or hourly wage rates, and identifies any and all inactive
employees who are off work due to workers\' compensation leave, family
medical leave, leave of absence, or who are not actively employed for any
other reason.  (dd) Medical, Dental, and Workers\' Compensation Claims. The
Company has no medical claims, dental claims or worker\'s compensation claims
resulting from treatment, injuries, conditions or illnesses arising prior to
the Closing ("Pre-Closing Claims"), other than those listed in Section 3C(dd)
of the Disclosure Schedule, which are in dispute, have otherwise not been
paid in full or which are not covered by insurance for which premiums have
already been paid by the Company.  (ee) Pre-paid Advertising. All of the
pre-paid advertising expenses of the Company are properly reflected on its
books and records and arose from bona fide transactions in the Ordinary
Course of Business, and the amount set forth on the face of the Financial
Statements (rather than in any notes thereto) has been determined in
accordance with GAAP on a basis consistent with the past custom and practice
of the Company.  (ff) Sales Representatives. Section 3C(ff) of the
Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of the names of the
Company\'s sales representatives as of February 28, 2001. Except as set forth
in Section 3C(ff) of the Disclosure Schedule, since September 30, 2000 no
event has to the Sellers\' Knowledge occurred that would materially adversely
affect the Company\'s relations with any such sales representatives. Except
as set forth in Section 3C(ff) of the Disclosure Schedule, to the Sellers\'
Knowledge, the change of control of the Company contemplated by this
Agreement will not materially adversely affect the Company\'s relations with
any such sales representatives. Except as set forth in Section 3C(ff) of the
Disclosure Schedule, since September 30, 2000, no sales representative which
accounted for more than five percent (5%) of the Company\'s aggregate sales
revenues during the last twelve months has canceled, terminated (or, to the
Sellers\' Knowledge, made any threat to the Company to cancel or terminate),
or materially decreased his or her sales of the Company\'s services or
products.  (gg) Investment in Foreign Supplier. Section 3C(gg) of the
Disclosure Schedule contains (i) a listing of the Company\'s stock ownership
in Leisure Garden; (ii) a listing of all of the owners of stock in Leisure
Garden, together with the number of shares owned and percent of the company
owned; and (iii) the most recent financial statements received from Leisure
Garden.  (hh) Funded Indebtedness. Section 3C(hh) of the Disclosure Schedule
contains a complete listing of the Funded Indebtedness of the Company
together with a statement of any additional sums which are available to the
Company to be borrowed under that particular Funded Indebtedness.  (ii)
Product Liability. To the best of Sellers\' Knowledge, any
material liabilities of the Company arising out of any injury to individuals
or property as a result of the ownership, possession, or use of any products
manufactured, sold or delivered by the Company prior to the Closing, are
covered by insurance policies maintained by the Company.  4.
Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser AND HOLDINGS. The
Purchaser and Holdings jointly and severally (except paragraph (h) of this
Section 4, which representation is made severally by Holdings) represent and
warrant to the Sellers as follows:  (a) Organization. The Purchaser and
Holdings are corporations, each duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the laws of Florida. Each of the Purchaser and Holdings is
duly authorized to conduct business and is in good standing under the laws of
each jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except where the lack
of such qualification would not have a material adverse effect on
Purchaser\'s or Holdings\' ability to execute and deliver this Agreement and
to perform their respective obligations contemplated hereby. Each of the
Purchaser and Holdings has full corporate power and authority to carry on the
businesses in which it is engaged and to own and use the properties owned and
used by it.  (b) Authorization of Transaction; Binding Obligation. Each of
the Purchaser and Holdings has full corporate power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is
a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. This
Agreement constitutes, and such other Transaction Documents, when executed
and delivered, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligations of
the Purchaser and Holdings, as the case may be, enforceable against Purchaser
and Holdings, as the case may be, in accordance with their respective terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization and other similar laws affecting creditors\' rights generally
and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether asserted in a
proceeding in equity or at law.  (c) Noncontravention. Neither the
execution and the delivery of this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents to which the Purchaser or Holdings is a party, nor the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, will (i) violate any
statute, regulation or rule of any Authority to which either of the Purchaser
or Holdings is subject (except for violations which would not have a Material
Adverse Effect or prevent or materially delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby), (ii) violate any injunction, judgment,
order, decree or ruling of any Authority to which either of the Purchaser or
Holdings is subject or any provision of their respective Charter or bylaws or
other organizational document, as the case may be, or (iii) except as set
forth in Section 4(c) of the Disclosure Schedule, conflict with, result in a
breach of, constitute a default under, result in the acceleration of, create
in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel, or require
any notice under any agreement, contract, lease, license or instrument to
which the Purchaser or Holdings, as the case may be, is a party or by it
is bound or to which any of their respective assets are subject. Except
as disclosed in Section 4(c) of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the
Purchaser nor Holdings is required to give any notice to, make any filing
with, or obtain any authorization, consent or approval of any Authority in
order for it to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in order to purchase the Shares herein, the Purchaser and the
Sellers must comply with the applicable waiting period subsequent to the
filing of their respective Hart-Scott-Rodino Pre-merger Notification Forms.
With respect to any such disclosures listed in Section 4(c) of the Disclosure
Schedule, the Purchaser and Holdings shall, prior to the Closing Date,
perform all acts necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which Purchaser is a
party.  (d) Brokers Fees. None of the Purchaser, Holdings or any Person
acting on their behalf has engaged any broker, finder or intermediary for or
on account of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as a result of
which the Company (unless the Closing shall occur) or the Sellers will have
any legal responsibility.  (e) Acquisition of Shares for Investment. The
Purchaser is an "accredited investor" as defined by Rule 501 under the
Securities Act. The Shares to be purchased by the Purchaser pursuant to this
Agreement are being acquired for investment only and not with a view to any
public distribution thereof, and the Purchaser will not offer to sell or
otherwise dispose of the Shares so acquired by it in violation of any of the
registration requirements of the Securities Act or any comparable state
laws.  (f) Capitalization.  --------------  (i) Schedule 4(f) hereto sets
forth (A) a list of the authorized and issued capital stock of Purchaser and
Holdings which is true and correct in all respects as of the date hereof, and
(B) a true and complete organizational chart of Holdings, including, without
limitation, all of its Subsidiaries and Affiliates.  (ii) The issuance,
sale and delivery of the shares of Holdings Common Stock to be issued to the
Sellers pursuant to Section 2(c) have been duly authorized by all requisite
corporate action of Holdings; and such shares of Holdings Common Stock will,
when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, be
validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable and will not be
subject to preemptive or other similar rights of the stockholders of the
Holdings or others and, except as set forth in this Agreement or in
the Exchange Agreement, will be free and clear of all liens, charges,
restrictions, claims and encumbrances.  (iii) The issuance, sale and
delivery of the Holdings Notes have been duly authorized by all requisite
corporate action of Holdings; and the Holdings Notes will, when executed and
delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement , be duly executed
and delivered by Holdings and constitute the valid and binding obligations of
Holdings, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as limited by
(A) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or
similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors
and debtors and (B) equitable principles generally, regardless of whether
such principles are considered in a proceeding at equity or at law and,
except as set forth in this Agreement or in the certificates representing the
Holdings Notes, will be free and clear of all liens, charges, restrictions,
claims and encumbrances imposed.  (g) Financing Commitment Letter. Purchaser
has entered into that certain Commitment Letter agreement, dated as of March
28, 2001, by and among Purchaser, Trivest, Inc., a Florida corporation,
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, and CIBC World Markets Corp. (the
"Financing Commitment Letter"). The Purchaser believes that the financing to
be made available to the Purchaser pursuant to the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Financing Commitment Letter shall be
sufficient for the Purchaser to satisfy its obligations (including the
payment of the Purchase Price) under this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. Purchaser has no reason to believe that the
transactions contemplated by the Financing Commitment Letter will not be
consummated prior to the Closing Date substantially on terms and conditions
set forth on the Financing Commitment Letter.  (h) Relationship with
Sellers. (i) Holdings or any of its officers, directors, or controlling
persons, has a preexisting personal or business relationship with each
Seller; or (ii) Holdings, by reason of its own business and
financial experience or that of its professional advisers, has the capacity
to protect its own interests in connection with the issuance of the Holdings
Notes.  5. Pre-Closing Covenants. The Parties agree as follows with respect
to the period between the execution of this Agreement and the Closing:  (a)
General. Each of the Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to take
all action and to do all things necessary, proper or advisable in order
to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (including satisfaction, but not waiver, of the closing conditions
set forth in Section 9 below).  (b) Notices and Consents. Each of the
Parties will give any notices to, make any filings with, and use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain any authorizations, consents and approvals of
governments and governmental agencies in connection with consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, each of the Parties will file any Notification and Report
Forms and related material that such Party may be required to file with the
Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the United States
Department of Justice under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, will use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain early termination of the applicable waiting
period, and will make any further filings pursuant thereto that may be
necessary, proper or advisable in connection therewith.  (c) Operation of
Business. Without the prior consent of the Purchaser or except as otherwise
contemplated by this Agreement, the Company will not engage in any practice,
take any action, or enter into any transaction of the sort described in
Section 3C(f) above (other than clauses (v) or (viii) of such
section), except as contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition,
the Company will continue to conduct its business in the Ordinary Course of
Business and will not (i) except in the Ordinary Course of Business liquidate
Inventory or accept product returns, (ii) accelerate receivables, (iii) delay
payables, or (iv) change in any material respect the Company\'s practices in
connection with the payment of payables in respect of raw materials
purchases.  (d) Preservation of Business. The Company will use commercially
reasonable efforts to maintain its business and properties, including its
present operations, physical facilities, working conditions, and
relationships with lessors, licensors, suppliers, customers and
employees.  (e) Full Access. Upon reasonable notice, the Company will permit
representatives of the Purchaser to have full access at all reasonable times,
and in a manner so as not to interfere with the normal business operations of
the Company, to the premises, properties, personnel, books, records
(including tax records), contracts and documents of or pertaining to the
Company. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
Purchaser agrees not to make any press release prior to the Closing without
the prior written consent of Sellers, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld.  (f) Financing. The Purchaser shall use its best efforts to
consummate the transactions contemplated by the Financing Commitment Letter
or otherwise obtain the financing necessary for the Purchaser to purchase the
Shares and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Purchaser
Financing").  (g) Notice of Developments. Each Party will promptly give
notice to the other Party(ies) of its, his or her discovery of any material
adverse development which, had such development been in existence on the date
hereof, would constitute a material breach of the representations and
warranties contained in Sections 3B and 3C (in the case of a Seller) or
Section 4 (in the case of the Purchaser) that would cause the Sellers or the
Purchaser, as the case may be, not to satisfy the conditions to the Closing
set forth in Section 9(a) or 9(b), respectively. No disclosure by any Party
pursuant to this Section 5(g) shall be deemed to amend or supplement the
Disclosure Schedules or to prevent or cure any misrepresentation or breach of
warranty.  6. Post-Closing Covenants. The Parties agree as follows with
respect to the period following the Closing:  (a) General. In the event
that at any time after the Closing any further action is necessary to carry
out the purposes of this Agreement, each of the Parties will take such
further action (including the execution and delivery of such further
instruments and documents) as any other Party may reasonably request, all at
the sole cost and expense of the requesting Party; provided, however, that
the taking of any action necessary to execute or deliver to the Purchaser any
stock powers and such other instruments of transfer as may be necessary
to transfer ownership of the Shares any Seller shall be borne severally by
such Seller.  (b) Non-Solicitation of Employees, Agents, Independent
Contractors and Certain Supplier. In order to induce the Purchaser to enter
into this Agreement, each Seller expressly covenants and agrees that for a
period of three (3) years from and after the Closing Date, such Seller will
not, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit for employment or employ or engage
as an agent or independent contractor (or attempt to solicit for employment
or employ or engage as an agent or independent contractor), for himself or
herself or on behalf of any sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation,
limited liability company or business or any other Person (other than the
Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries), any employee, agent or independent
contractor (excluding auditors, financial advisors, investment bankers and
other service providers who provide their respective services on a widespread
basis) of the Company (whether currently employed or engaged by the Company
or employed or engaged by the Company during the term of this nonsolicitation
covenant) or any Person who was an employee, agent or independent contractor
(excluding auditors, financial advisors, investment bankers and other service
providers who provide their respective services on a widespread basis) of the
Company at any time during the two (2) year period preceding the date hereof,
(ii) encourage any such employee to leave his or her employment with the
Company, (iii) encourage any such agent or independent contractor to
terminate his, her or its engagement with the Company, or (iv) solicit, call
on, divert, employ, take away, influence or attempt to solicit, call on,
divert, employ, take away or influence, for such Seller or on behalf of any
other Person, with respect to Leisure Garden (a supplier of the Company
located in the Republic of China). The covenants provided for in this Section
6(b) shall be construed as a separate and independent covenant for each of
the separate states, territories and possessions included in the
Restricted Area and, with respect to the State of California, for each of the
separate counties of that state. To the extent that the covenant provided for
in this Section 6(b) may later be deemed by a court to be too broad to be
enforced with respect to its duration or with respect to any particular
activity or geographic area, the court making such determination shall have
the power to reduce the duration or scope of the provision, and to add or
delete specific words or phrases to or from the provision. The provision as
modified shall then be enforced. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not
be a breach of this covenant if any former, current or future employee, agent
or independent contractor of the Company as set forth in this Section 6(b)
responds to general advertising placed by the Seller or an entity in which
the Seller is involved as set forth in this Section 6(b). It shall be a
breach of this covenant if any such employee, agent or independent contractor
is hired without the prior written consent of the Purchaser; provided,
however, Seller may hire an employee, agent or independent contractor without
obtaining the Purchaser\'s consent so long as such employee, agent or
independent contractor is then receiving an annual compensation equal to an
amount less than $100,000 in exchange for his/her services being rendered to
the Purchaser. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the
provisions of this Section 6(b) shall not be applicable to Dale Boles.  (c)
Confidentiality. In order to induce the Purchaser to enter into
this Agreement, each Seller expressly covenants and agrees that from and
after the Closing Date, no such Seller nor any of his Affiliates (to the
extent any such Affiliate has received Confidential Information or Trade
Secrets) will disclose, divulge, furnish or make accessible to anyone (other
than the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates or representatives) any
Confidential Information or Trade Secrets, or in any way use any Confidential
Information or Trade Secrets in the conduct of any business; provided,
however, that nothing in this Section 6(c) will prohibit the disclosure of
any Confidential Information or Trade Secrets (i) which is or are required to
be disclosed by the Seller or any such Affiliate in connection with any court
action or any proceeding before any Authority, (ii) in connection with the
enforcement of any of the rights of the Seller hereunder, or (iii) in
connection with the defense by the Seller of any claim asserted against him
hereunder; provided, however, that in the case of a disclosure contemplated
by clause (i), no disclosure shall be made until the Seller shall give notice
to the Purchaser of the intention to disclose such Confidential Information
or Trade Secrets so that the Purchaser may contest the need for disclosure,
and the Seller will cooperate (and will cause his Affiliates and their
respective representatives to cooperate) with the Purchaser in
connection with any such proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement which may be to the contrary (x) the Sellers shall be entitled to
use Confidential Information consisting of databases of contacts and
customers for personal purposes which do not constitute competition with the
Company, including community and charitable affairs, (y) the foregoing
provisions restricting the use of Confidential Information other than Trade
Secrets shall survive the Closing for a period of one year, and (z) the
foregoing provisions restricting the use of Trade Secrets shall survive the
Closing for so long as permitted by applicable California law. The Seller
acknowledges and agrees that his or her agreement to abide by the restrictive
covenants under Sections 6(b) and (c) are a condition precedent to the
Company\'s entering into this Agreement for the purchase of the Shares; that
the Purchaser\'s purchase of the Shares is adequate consideration to bind the
Seller under these restrictive covenants pursuant to the terms and conditions
stated under this Section 6; and that California law will apply in any
proceeding to enforce these restrictive covenants.  (d) Certain Tax
Matters.  -------------------  (i) Sellers\' Liability for Taxes.
Notwithstanding the disclosures on Section 3C(j) of the Disclosure Schedule,
the Sellers shall be liable for and indemnify the Purchaser for all Taxes
imposed on the Company or for which the Company may otherwise be liable for
any taxable year or period that ends on or before the Closing Date and, with
respect to any taxable year or period beginning before and ending after the
Closing Date, the portion of such taxable year ending on and including the
Closing Date; provided, however, that Sellers shall not be liable for such
Taxes unless such Taxes exceed the amount of tax reserves shown on the Final
Closing Balance Sheet of the Company. The Sellers shall be entitled to any
refund of Taxes of the Company received for such periods in excess of
any amounts recorded as an asset attributable to anticipated tax refunds on
the Final Closing Balance Sheet of the Company. To the extent that accruals
of Taxes for such periods shown on the Final Closing Balance Sheet of the
Company exceed the actual liability of the Company for Taxes for such
periods, Purchaser shall pay to Sellers the amount of such excess accrual.
Any income tax deduction (A) associated with the cancellation or exercise of
the Company\'s stock options or (B) associated with the payments described
under Section 2(a)(iii) hereof, shall first be applied to offset or reduce
any taxable income which the Sellers would otherwise be responsible for under
this Section 6(d)(i).  (ii) Purchaser\'s Liability for Taxes. The Purchaser
shall be liable for and indemnify the Sellers for the Taxes of the Company
for any taxable year or period that begins after the Closing Date and, with
respect to any taxable year or period beginning before and ending after the
Closing Date, the portion of such taxable year beginning after the Closing
Date. The Purchaser shall be entitled to any refund of Taxes of the Company
received for such periods.  (iii) Taxes for Short Taxable Year. For purposes
of paragraphs (i) and (ii), whenever it is necessary to determine the
liability for Taxes of the Company for a portion of a taxable year or period
that begins before and ends after the Closing Date, the determination of the
Taxes of the Company for the portion of the year or period ending on, and the
portion of the year or period beginning after, the Closing Date shall be
determined by assuming that the Company had a taxable year or period which
ended at the close of the Closing Date, except that exemptions, allowances or
deductions that are calculated on an annual basis, such as the deduction for
depreciation, shall be apportioned on a time basis.  (iv) Adjustment to
Purchase Price. Any payment by the Purchaser or the Sellers under this
Section 6(d) will be an adjustment to the Purchase Price.  (v) Tax Returns.
The Purchaser shall file or cause to be filed when due all Tax Returns that
are required to be filed by or with respect to the Company for taxable years
or periods ending on or before the Closing Date and shall pay any Taxes due
in respect of such Tax Returns. The Sellers shall pay the Purchaser the Taxes
for which the Sellers are liable pursuant to paragraph (i) but which are
payable with Tax Returns to be filed by Purchaser pursuant to this
paragraph (v) within 20 business days prior to the due date for the filing of
such Tax Returns.  (vi) Contest Provisions. The Purchaser shall promptly
notify Seller in writing upon receipt by the Purchaser, any of its affiliates
or the Company of notice of any pending or threatened federal, state, local
or foreign income or franchise tax audits or assessments which may materially
affect the tax liabilities of the Company for which the Sellers would be
required to indemnify the Purchaser pursuant to paragraph (i). The Purchaser
shall have the sole right to represent the Company\'s interests in any tax
audit or administrative or court proceeding relating to Taxes of the Company.
The Sellers shall be entitled to participate at their expense in the defense
of any claim for Taxes which may be the subject of indemnification by the
Sellers pursuant to paragraph (i) and, with the written consent of Purchaser,
and at its sole expense, may assume the entire defense of such tax claim.
Neither the Purchaser nor the Company may agree to settle any tax claim which
may be the subject of indemnification by the Sellers under paragraph (i)
without the prior written consent of the Sellers, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.  (e) Restrictions on Transfer of Shares. The
Purchaser acknowledges that the Shares have not been and will not be
registered under the Securities Act, that such shares are being sold to the
Purchaser pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act
and that such shares constitute "restricted securities" under Rule 144.
Accordingly, the Shares shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged,
encumbered or otherwise disposed of except pursuant to (a) an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act or (b) a transaction that is
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  (f)
Restrictive Covenants Applicable to Dale Boles. 
----------------------------------------------  (i) Non-Competition. Dale
Boles expressly covenants and agrees that he will not, for the period
beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the later of (A) one year
following the date his employment is terminated under the
Employment Agreement, (B) three years from the effective date of a
termination of his employment without cause under Section 5.4 of the
Employment Agreement, or (C) April 30, 2006 if Dale Boles resigns or is
terminated with cause under Section 5.5 or 5.1 of the Employment Agreement,
directly or indirectly, engage in or have any interest in any sole
proprietorship, partnership, corporation, limited liability company or
business or any other entity (other than WinsLoew Furniture, Inc. or any of
its subsidiaries (collectively "WinsLoew")), whether as an employee, officer,
director, partner, agent, security holder, consultant or otherwise, that
directly or indirectly is engaged in the Restricted Business of the Company
in the Restricted Area; provided, however, that nothing herein shall be
deemed to prevent Dale Boles from acquiring through market purchases and
owning, solely as an investment, less than five percent in the aggregate
of the equity securities of any class of any issuer whose shares are
registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange
Act, and are listed or admitted for trading on any United States national
securities exchange or are quoted on the National Association of Securities
Dealers Automated Quotations System, or any similar system of automated
dissemination of quotations of securities prices in common use, so long as
Dale Boles is not a member of any "control group" (within the meaning of the
rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission) of any such issuer.  (ii) Reasonableness and Necessity of
Restrictions. Dale Boles acknowledges and agrees that the covenants provided
for in this Section 6(f) are reasonable and necessary in terms of time, area
and line of business to protect WinsLoew\'s legitimate business interests as
a buyer of the common stock of the Company pursuant to this Agreement and in
protecting the Company\'s Trade Secrets. Dale Boles further acknowledges and
agrees that such covenants are reasonable and necessary in terms of time,
area and line of business to protect the Company\'s (and WinsLoew\'s) other
legitimate business interests, which include its interests in protecting the
Company\'s (and WinsLoew\'s) (i) valuable confidential business information,
(ii) substantial relationships with customers throughout the Restricted Area
and (iii) customer goodwill associated with the Company\'s ongoing business.
Dale Boles expressly authorizes the enforcement of the covenants provided for
in this Section 6(f)(ii) by (A) WinsLoew, (B) permitted assigns of WinsLoew
pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) of Section 12(c) hereof, and (C) the Company
and any successors to the Company\'s business. The covenants provided for in
this Section 6(f) shall be construed as a separate and independent covenant
for each of the separate states, territories and possessions included in the
Restricted Area and, with respect to the State of California, for each of the
separate counties of that state. To the extent that the covenant provided for
in this Section 6(f) may later be deemed by a court to be too broad to be
enforced with respect to its duration or with respect to any particular
activity or geographic area, the court making such determination shall have
the power to reduce the duration or scope of the provision, and to add or
delete specific words or phrases to or from the provision. The provision as
modified shall then be enforced.  (iii) Non-Solicitation of Employees,
Agents and Independent Contractors. Dale Boles expressly covenants and agrees
that he will not, for the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on
the later of (A) one year following the date his employment is terminated
under the Employment Agreement, (B) three years from the effective date of a
termination of his employment without cause under Section 5.4 of the
Employment Agreement, or (C) April 30, 2006 if Dale Boles resigns or is
terminated with cause under Section 5.5 or 5.1 of the Employment Agreement,
directly or indirectly, (i) solicit for employment or employ or engage as an
agent or independent contractor (or attempt to solicit for employment or
employ or engage as an agent or independent contractor), for himself or
herself or on behalf of any sole proprietorship, partnership, corporation,
limited liability company or business or any other entity (other than
WinsLoew), any employee of the Company (whether currently employed or engaged
by the Company or employed or engaged by the Company during the term of this
non-solicitation covenant) or any person who was an employee, agent
or independent contractor of the Company at any time during the two (2) year
period preceding the date hereof, or (ii) encourage any such employee to
leave his or her employment with the Company or (iii) encourage any such
agent or independent contractor to terminate his, her or its engagement with
the Company.  (iv) Non-Solicitation of Customers and Suppliers. Dale Boles
expressly covenants and agrees that he will not, for the period beginning on
the Closing Date and ending on the later of (A) one year following the date
his employment is terminated under the Employment Agreement, (B) three years
from the effective date of a termination of his employment without cause
under Section 5.4 of the Employment Agreement, or (C) April 30, 2006 if Dale
Boles resigns or is terminated with cause under Section 5.5 or 5.1 of the
Employment Agreement, directly or indirectly, solicit, call on, divert,
employ, take away, influence or attempt to do any of the foregoing, for
himself or on behalf of any other Person (other than the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries) with respect to (i) any customer or distributor or
prospective customer or distributor of the Company or any customer or
distributor of the Company who was a customer or distributor or prospective
customer or distributor at any time during the one-year period preceding the
later of (x) the date hereof and (y) the date of such solicitation, call,
diversion, employment, take away, influence or attempt to do any of the
foregoing with respect to any customer or distributor or prospective customer
or distributor of the Company, (ii) any supplier or vendor or prospective
supplier or vendor of the Company or any supplier or vendor of the Company
who was a supplier or vendor or prospective supplier or vendor at any time
during the one-year period preceding the later of (x) the date hereof and (y)
the date of such solicitation, call, diversion, employment, take
away, influence or attempt to do any of the foregoing with respect to any
supplier or vendor or prospective supplier or vendor of the Company. In
addition, Dale Boles shall not impair or attempt to impair any relationship,
whether contractual or otherwise, and whether written or oral, between the
Company and any other Person. If any one or more of the covenants contained
in this Section 6 (f) (iv) shall be adjudicated to be invalid or
unenforceable because such covenant is held to be excessively broad as to
time, geographic area, activity or subject, then such covenant shall be
deemed amended by limiting and reducing it so as to be valid and enforceable
to the maximum extent compatible with the applicable laws of such
jurisdiction, such amendment only to apply with respect to the operation of
such covenant in the applicable jurisdiction in which the adjudication is
made. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, this Section
6(f)(iv) shall not restrict or be applicable to solicitations or calls which
are not related to the Restricted Business of the Company.   Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the provisions of this Section 6(f) shall
not be applicable to any of the Sellers other than Dale Boles.  (g)
Repurchase of Holdings Notes and Holdings Common Stock. For so long as ELI-II
is a holder of Holdings Notes, if any Affiliate of ELI-II (including,
for this purpose, Desai Capital Management Incorporated ("Desai"),
investment adviser to ELI-II, and any other investment fund for which Desai
may act as investment adviser) shall submit to Holdings a written offer to
purchase any principal amount of Holdings Notes not in excess of
$8,637,940.402, at a specified price, then within 5 business days of delivery
of such offer, Holdings shall execute, sell and deliver to such Affiliate
such principal amount of Holdings Notes (having the same maturity date and
all other terms and conditions of the Holdings Notes delivered to ELI-II at
the Closing) against delivery of the specified purchase price therefor and
simultaneously therewith (or as nearly simultaneously as practicable)
Holdings shall repurchase a like principal amount of Holdings Notes then held
by ELI-II against the surrender by ELI-II of the certificates therefor, in
proper form for transfer, for the same purchase price, in cash, paid by the
relevant Affiliate of ELI-II.  7. Remedies for Breaches of This Agreement. 
---------------------------------------  (a) Survival of Representations and
Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Sellers and the Company
contained in Section 3 above and of the Purchaser and Holdings contained in
Section 4 above shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and
effect subsequent to Closing, subject to the limitation periods provided in
Section 7(b). Any claim for which any Party shall have given proper notice in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement on or prior to the expiration of
the applicable limitation periods under Section 7(b) shall survive until such
claim is resolved pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. To preserve any
claim for breach of any such representation or warranty, the Party claiming a
breach shall be obligated to notify the party claimed to be in breach in
writing of any such breach, along with the facts that give rise to such
breach, before termination of the applicable limitation period under Section
7(b) in respect of such representation or warranty; otherwise, such Party\'s
claim for breach shall be forever barred.  (b) Indemnification. 
---------------  (i) Subject to Section 7(a) above and the conditions and
limitations set forth in this Section 7(b), subsequent to the Closing Date
the Sellers shall, pro rata in accordance with the number of Shares held by
each of them, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Purchaser and the
Company from, against and in respect of (A) any Losses which the Purchaser or
the Company shall suffer, sustain or become subject to by virtue of or which
arise out of, or result from any breach of the representations and warranties
of the Company set forth in Section 3C above, and (B) any assessments against
the Company resulting from the IRS\' audit of the Company\'s tax returns for
the Company\'s fiscal years ending September 28, 1996 and September 27, 1997,
only to the extent such assessments exceed the reserves for tax liability
provided on the Final Closing Balance Sheet with respect to such periods (the
"Company Audit Assessment").  (ii) Subject to Section 7(a) above and the
conditions and limitations set forth in this Section 7(b), subsequent to the
Closing Date each Seller shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify, defend
and hold harmless the Purchaser and the Company from, against and in respect
of any Losses which the Purchaser or the Company shall suffer, sustain or
become subject to by virtue of or which arise out of, or result from, any
breach of the representations and warranties of such Seller set forth in
Section 3B above and any breach by such Seller of his or her covenants and
agreements set forth in this Agreement; provided, however, that such
indemnification obligations of the Sellers with respect to the covenants
contained in Section 2(h) above shall be joint and several.  (iii) Subject
to Section 7(a) above and the conditions set forth in this Section 7(b),
subsequent to the Closing Date each of the Purchaser and Holdings
shall, jointly and severally, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Sellers
and their respective estates, heirs, personal representatives or successors
from, against and in respect of any Losses which the Sellers shall suffer,
sustain or become subject to by virtue of or which arise out of, or result
from, any breach by either of the Purchaser or Holdings of its
representations, warranties covenants and agreements set forth in this
Agreement.  (iv) Promptly after the assertion by any third party of any
claim, demand or notice (a "Third Party Claim") against any Person or Persons
entitled to indemnification under this Section 7(b) (the "Indemnified
Parties") that results or may result in the incurrence by such Indemnified
Parties of any Losses for which such Indemnified Parties would be entitled to
indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, such Indemnified Parties shall
promptly notify the parties from whom such indemnification could be sought
(the "Indemnifying Parties") of such Third Party Claim and shall include with
such notification reasonable description of the basis of such Third Party
Claim. Thereupon, the Indemnifying Parties shall have the right, upon written
notice (the "Defense Notice") to the Indemnified Parties within 30 days after
receipt by the Indemnifying Parties of notice of the Third Party Claim (or
sooner if such claim so requires) to conduct, at their own expense, the
defense against the Third Party Claim in their own names or, if necessary, in
the names of the Indemnified Parties. The Defense Notice shall specify the
counsel the Indemnifying Parties shall appoint to defend such Third Party
Claim (the "Defense Counsel") and the Indemnified Parties shall have the
right to approve the Defense Counsel, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld. In the event the Indemnified Parties and
the Indemnifying Parties cannot agree on such counsel within 10 days after
the Defense Notice is given, then the Indemnifying Parties shall propose
an alternate Defense Counsel, which shall be subject again to the
Indemnified Parties\' approval which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld. Any Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such Third Party Claim and/or to participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall not be included as
part of any Losses incurred by the Indemnified Party unless (A) the
Indemnifying Parties shall have failed to give the Defense Notice within the
prescribed period, (B) such Indemnified Party shall have received an opinion
of counsel, reasonably acceptable to the Indemnifying Parties, to the effect
that the interests of the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Parties with
respect to the Third Party Claim are sufficiently adverse to prohibit the
representation by the same counsel of both parties under applicable ethical
rules, or (C) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the
Indemnifying Parties has been specifically authorized by the Indemnifying
Parties. The Party or Parties conducting the defense of any Third Party Claim
shall keep the other Parties apprised of all significant developments and
shall not enter into any settlement, compromise or consent to judgment with
respect to such Third Party Claim unless the Company and the Sellers consent,
such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.  (v) The aggregate of any
amounts payable by the Sellers, or any of them, under this Section 7(b) shall
not exceed $3,000,000. Upon the earlier to occur of (1) March 31, 2002, or
(2) the date after the Closing upon which the IRS issues a final report with
respect to the Company\'s audit described under subsection (b)(i)(B) above,
so long as the Sellers have satisfied their obligations to pay the Company
Audit Assessment, if any, the aggregate of any amounts payable by the
Sellers, or any of them, under this Section 7(b) shall be reduced
to $2,000,000 less any amounts paid by the Sellers in satisfaction of
their obligations under this Section 7 through such date (excluding the
Company Audit Assessment, if any).  (A) With respect to any claims for
indemnification against the Sellers, subject to the limitations set forth in
this Section 7(b), Sellers shall satisfy such obligations solely by requiring
Holdings to reduce the unpaid principal balance payable under the Holdings
Notes by an amount equal to the amount required to satisfy such claims;
provided, however, if a Seller has transferred, sold or otherwise assigned
its Holdings Note to a third party, such Seller shall satisfy such
obligations by contributing its proportionate share of the
indemnification payment. The amount of the unpaid principal balance to be so
reduced shall be allocated pro rata among the Sellers in accordance with the
applicable relative proportions of amounts set forth under the column marked
"Pro-Rata Share of Total" on Schedule 1 hereto.  (vi) No indemnification
will be required under this Section 7 unless the person claiming the right to
be indemnified gives notice to the person from which it is claiming
indemnification of the facts the claimant believes are the basis for such
indemnification prior to March 31, 2002; provided, however, (i) on claims for
breaches of the representations and warranties contained in Section
3C(u), the claimant shall have until March 31, 2003 to give such notice; and
(ii) on claims for breaches of the representations and warranties regarding
title to securities and authority contained in Section 3B, Section 3C(a) and
(d) and claims related to Taxes under Section 2(h), Section 3C(j) and Section
6(d), the claimant shall have until the expiration of the applicable statute
of limitations to give such notice.  (vii) Except as otherwise stated in
this Agreement, no Seller will be required to indemnify the Purchaser until
the aggregate amount of the agreed to or adjudicated indemnification claims
against such party shall exceed the deductible amount of $250,000, provided,
however, no individual claims below $25,000 shall be counted towards
determining the deductible amount. Once the deductible amount has been
exceeded, the Sellers shall be responsible for all indemnification claims in
excess of the deductible amount, subject to the other limitations set forth
herein; provided, that the foregoing limitation will not apply to any
payments pursuant to Section 2, if any.  (c) Effect of Knowledge of Breach;
Determination of Losses; Treatment of Indemnification Payments.   (i) The
Purchaser and the Company, on the one hand, and the Sellers, on the other
hand, shall not be entitled to indemnification with respect to a breach
of any representation or warranty made by the other Party(ies) under this
Agreement if such Party(ies) can prove by a preponderance of the evidence
that such other Party(ies) had actual knowledge at any time on or prior to
the Closing Date of the events or conditions constituting or resulting in
such breach of such representation or warranty.  (ii) The amount of any
Losses subject to indemnification under Sections 7(b)(i) and (ii) above shall
be calculated net of any amounts which have been previously recovered by the
Purchaser or the Company under insurance policies or other collateral
sources. In the event any such amounts recovered or recoverable
under insurance policies or other collateral sources are not received before
any claim for indemnification is paid pursuant to this Section 7(b), then the
Purchaser or the Company shall pursue such insurance policies or collateral
sources with reasonable diligence (unless the Purchaser or the Company shall
notify the Sellers that they have elected not to pursue such insurance
policies or collateral sources, in which case, notwithstanding any provision
of this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Purchaser nor the Company
shall be entitled to indemnification with respect to such Losses), and in the
event they receive any recovery, the amount of such recovery shall be applied
first, to reimburse the Purchaser and the Company for their out-of-pocket
expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees) expended in pursuing such
recovery, second, to refund any indemnification payments made by the Sellers
which would not have been so paid had such recovery been obtained prior to
such payment, and third, any excess to the Purchaser. In addition, all Losses
subject to indemnification hereunder shall be calculated net of any tax
benefits which have been actually realized by the Purchaser or the Company as
a result thereof plus the net present value (using a discount factor of 8.5%
per annum and assuming the income tax rates then in effect for any given
period remain unchanged) of tax benefits which are reasonably probable of
realization by the Purchaser or the Company in subsequent tax years.
Purchaser acknowledges that the lessors of the Properties are considered
collateral sources under this paragraph.  (iii) All indemnification payments
under this Section 7 shall be deemed adjustments to the Purchase
Price.  (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, the Purchaser and the Company agree: (A) to pursue, with
reasonable diligence, all collateral sources (including without limitation
the lessors of the Properties) in connection with any Losses arising from a
breach of the representations and warranties of the Sellers in Section 3C(u)
hereof; and (B) to notify the Sellers of the discovery of such Loss. If,
notwithstanding such reasonable diligence, the Purchaser and the Company have
not fully recovered under any such collateral sources or received reasonable
assurance that a full recovery is forthcoming with respect to such Loss,
then, following the lapse of 180 days following the date of the notice in
clause (B) above, the Purchaser and the Company may pursue their indemnity
rights under Section 7(b) hereof with respect to such Loss.  (d) Reserved. 
--------  (e) No Contribution from Company. Each Seller hereby waives any
rights to seek or obtain indemnification or contribution from the Company for
Losses pursuant to Section 7 as a result of any breach by the Company of any
representation, warranty or covenant (other than covenants to be performed by
the Company after the Closing) contained in this Agreement.  (f) Assignment
by Purchaser. Provided that the Closing shall occur, the Purchaser hereby
assigns and transfers to the Company, effective as of the Closing, all
benefits of the Purchaser pursuant to Sections 6 and 7 above.  (g) Exclusive
Remedy. The remedies provided in this Section 7 constitute the only and
exclusive remedies, at law, in equity or otherwise, available to
any Indemnified Party against any Indemnifying Party with respect to any of
the representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement
or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby;
provided, that nothing in this Section 7(g) shall be construed to limit any
monetary or equitable remedies available to any party hereto with respect to
the breach of covenants contained in Sections 2 and 6.  8. No Shop. From
the date of this Agreement until the earlier of (i) the Closing Date, or (ii)
the termination of this Agreement, the Company shall not, and the Sellers
shall cause the Company and their respective officers, directors, employees
and other agents not to, directly or indirectly, take any action to solicit,
initiate or encourage any offer or proposal or indication of interest in a
merger, consolidation or other business combination involving any
equity interest in, or a substantial portion of the assets of the Company,
other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. The Company and the Sellers shall immediately advise the Purchaser
of the terms of any written offer, proposal or indication of interest that
they receive or otherwise become aware.  9. Conditions to Obligation to
Close.  ---------------------------------  (a) Conditions to Obligation of
the Purchaser. The obligation of the Purchaser to consummate the transactions
to be performed by it in connection with the Closing is subject to
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:  (i) the representations
and warranties set forth in Section 3 above that are qualified as to their
materiality shall be true and correct and any such representations and
warranties that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all
material respects at and as of the Closing Date (as though made then and as
though the Closing Date were substituted for the date of
this Agreement);  (ii) the Sellers and the Company shall have performed and
complied with all of their respective covenants hereunder in all material
respects through the Closing;  (iii) there shall not be any injunction,
judgment, order, decree, ruling or charge in effect preventing consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no action,
suit, claim or proceeding shall be pending before any Authority which seeks
to prohibit or enjoin the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement;  (iv) [intentionally omitted];  (v) the Sellers shall have
delivered to the Purchaser a certificate to the effect that the conditions
specified above in Section 9(a)(i) and (ii), as they pertain to the Company,
have been satisfied in all respects;  (vi) all applicable waiting periods
(and any extensions thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall have
expired or otherwise been terminated;  (vii) the Sellers shall have
delivered to the Purchaser all of the items under Section 2(g) herein (other
than the item contemplated under Section 2(g)(i));  (viii) there shall be no
payables or receivables between the Sellers and the Company or between
Affiliates of the Sellers and the Company;  (ix) if applicable, the Sellers
shall delivered the spousal consents substantially in the form of Exhibit G
hereto; and  (x) the Purchaser Financing contemplated by the Financing
Commitment Letter shall have been funded in accordance with the terms of the
Financing Commitment Letter.   The Purchaser may waive any condition
specified in this Section 9(a) if it executes a writing so stating at or
prior to the Closing.  (b) Conditions to Obligation of the Sellers. The
obligation of the Sellers to consummate the transactions to be performed by
them in connection with the Closing is subject to satisfaction or waiver of
the following conditions:  (i) the representations and warranties set forth
in Section 4 above shall be true and correct in all material respects at and
as of the Closing Date (as though made then and as though the Closing Date
were substituted for the date of this Agreement);  (ii) the Purchaser and
Holdings shall have performed and complied with all of their respective
covenants hereunder in all material respects through the Closing;  (iii)
there shall not be any injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling or charge
in effect preventing consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, and no action, suit, claim or proceeding shall be
pending before any Authority which seeks to prohibit or enjoin the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;  (iv) the
Purchaser shall have delivered to the Sellers a certificate to the effect
that each of the conditions specified above in Section 9(b)(i) and (ii) has
been satisfied in all respects;  (v) all applicable waiting periods (and any
extensions thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall have expired or
otherwise been terminated;  (vi) the Purchaser shall have delivered to the
Seller all of the items under Section 2(g) herein; and  (vii) the Purchaser
and certain Sellers shall have executed the Exchange Agreement.   The
Sellers may waive any condition specified in this Section 9(b) if they
execute a writing so stating at or prior to the Closing.  10. Additional
Agreements.  ---------------------  (a) Software Licenses. Notwithstanding
the disclosures made by the Sellers in Section 3C(i) of the Disclosure
Schedule, the Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Company to obtain all required computer software licenses and/or network
licenses (the "Licenses") for computer software and/or networks currently
owned or operated by the Company necessary to bring the Company into
compliance with all licensing requirements.  (b) Director and Officer
Liability. The Purchaser and the Company agree that all rights to
indemnification and all limitations on liability existing in favor of any
individual who on or prior to the Closing was a director or an officer of the
Company (an "Indemnitee"), in respect of acts or omissions of
such Indemnitees on or prior to the Closing as provided in the Charter or by-
laws of the Company or an agreement between an Indemnitee and the Company in
effect as of the date hereof shall continue in full force and effect in
accordance with the terms thereof.  (c) Tax Free Exchange. The Parties
intend that the Merger occurring simultaneously herewith shall be treated for
federal and state income tax purposes as a tax-free exchange under Section
351 of the Code.  11. Termination.  -----------  (a) Termination of
Agreement. Certain of the Parties may terminate this Agreement as provided
below:   (i) the Purchaser (on behalf of Purchaser and Holdings) and the
Sellers may terminate this Agreement by mutual written consent at any time
prior to the Closing;  (ii) the Purchaser (on behalf of Purchaser and
Holdings) or the Sellers may terminate this Agreement by giving written
notice to the other party at any time prior to the Closing in the event the
non-terminating party has within the previous two (2) Business Days given the
other party any notice pursuant to Section 5(g) above and the relevant
material breach may not be cured prior to the Closing Date, so long as the
terminating party is not then in material breach of its representations,
warranties or covenants under this Agreement;  (iii) the Purchaser (on
behalf of Purchaser and Holdings) may terminate this Agreement by giving
written notice to the Sellers (A) at any time prior to the Closing in the
event that the Sellers or the Company have breached any representation,
warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement in any material respect, the
Purchaser has notified the Sellers of the breach, and the breach has
continued without cure for a period of 30 days after the notice of breach, or
(B) at any time prior to the Closing if the Closing shall not have
occurred as of the Closing Date by reason of the failure of any condition
precedent under Section 9(a) hereof (unless the failure results primarily
from the Purchaser breaching any representation, warranty or covenant
contained in the Agreement); and  (iv) the Sellers may terminate this
Agreement by giving written notice to the Purchaser and Holdings at any time
prior to the Closing (A) in the event either of the Purchaser or Holdings has
breached any material representation, warranty or covenant contained in this
Agreement in any material respect, the Sellers have notified the Purchaser
and Holdings of the breach, and the breach has continued without cure for a
period of 30 days after the notice of breach, or (B) if the Closing shall not
have occurred by the Closing Date by reason of the failure of any condition
precedent under Section 9(b) hereof (unless the failure results primarily
from the Sellers or the Company breaching any representation, warranty or
covenant contained in this Agreement).  (b) Effect of Termination. If any
Party terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 11(a) above, all rights
and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall terminate without any
liability of any Party to any other Party (except for any liability of any
Party then in breach); provided, however, that (i) the confidentiality
provisions contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of this
Agreement; and (ii) if either (A) the Sellers terminate the Agreement
pursuant to Sections 11(a)(ii) and/or 11(a)(iv), or (B) the
Purchaser terminates the Agreement or fails to close the transactions
contemplated hereby on or prior to the Closing Date and had not obtained the
Purchaser Financing by the Closing Date, then, in addition to whatever
additional remedies the Sellers may have at law or in equity, the Purchaser
shall reimburse the Sellers an amount equal to the higher of $250,000 or the
sum of all costs and expenses incurred by the Sellers in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without
limitation, all fees and expenses paid to the Sellers\' attorneys,
accountants, financial advisors and investment bankers).  12.
Miscellaneous.  -------------  (a) No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This
Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any Person other than
the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except as
provided in Section 10(b) with respect to the Indemnitees.  (b) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, including the schedules and exhibits hereto,
constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties and supersedes any prior
understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the
Parties, written or oral, to the extent they related in any way to the
subject matter hereof.  (c) Succession and Assignment. This Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties named herein and
their respective successors and permitted assigns. No Party may assign either
this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations hereunder
without the prior written approval of the other Parties; provided, however,
that, unless expressly prohibited hereunder, (i) any or all of the rights and
interests of the Purchaser hereunder may be assigned to any purchaser of
substantially all of the assets of Purchaser, (ii) any or all of the rights
and interests of the Purchaser hereunder may be assigned as a matter of law
to the surviving entity in any merger of the Purchaser, and (iii) any or all
of the rights and interests of the Purchaser hereunder may be assigned as
collateral security to any lender or lenders (including any agent for any
such lender or lenders) providing financing to the Purchaser in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby, or to any assignee or assignees of
any such lender, lenders or agent (it being understood that in any or all of
the cases described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above the Purchaser
nonetheless shall remain responsible and liable for the performance of all of
its obligations hereunder).  (d) Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts (including by facsimile), each of which
shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and
the same instrument.  (e) Headings. The Section headings contained in this
Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any way
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  (f) Notices. All notices,
requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder will be in
writing. Any notice, request, demand, claim or other communication hereunder
shall be deemed duly given two business days after it is sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and addressed
to the intended recipient as set forth below:   If to Seller(s): Michael J.
Fourticq, Sr.  10323 Santa Monica Blvd.  Suite 101  Los Angeles, CA 90025 
Fax: (310) 201-0403   With copies to (which shall not constitute notice to
the  Sellers):   Paul, Hastings, Janofsky and Walker, LLP  555 South Flower
Street  23rd Floor  Los Angeles, CA 90071-2371  Attention: Robert A.
Miller, Jr., Esq.  Fax: (213) 627-0705   If to the Purchaser or
Holdings:   WinsLoew Furniture, Inc.  Attention: Bobby Tesney  160 Village
Street  Birmingham, Alabama 35242  Fax: (205) 408-7028  Any Party may send
any notice, request, demand, claim or other communication hereunder to the
intended recipient at the address set forth above using any other means
(including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger service, telecopy,
telex, ordinary mail or electronic mail), but no such notice,
request, demand, claim or other communication shall be deemed to have been
duly given unless and until it actually is received by the intended
recipient. Any Party may change the address to which notices, requests,
demands, claims and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by
giving the other Parties notice in the manner herein set forth.  (g)
Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California
(i.e., without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or
rule (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction) that
would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the
State of California). Subject to Section 12(i) and the last sentence of this
Section 12(g), each of the Parties hereby (i) irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of any state court sitting in Los Angeles County,
California or federal court sitting in Central District, California in any
action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement that
by law cannot be resolved by arbitration and agrees that all claims in
respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such
court, (ii) waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action or
proceeding, any claim that (A) such Party is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of such court or of any other court to which proceedings in such
court may be appealed, (B) such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an
inconvenient forum or (C) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is
improper, (iii) expressly waives any requirement for the posting of a bond by
the party bringing such suit, action or proceeding and (iv) consents to
process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing,
certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof to such party at the
address in effect for notices hereunder, and agrees that such services shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
in this Agreement shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law or shall be construed to prevent the Purchaser
or the Company from bringing and pursuing, or in any way limit, the right of
the Purchaser or the Company to bring or pursue, any action arising out of or
in connection with Section 6(b) or Section 6(f) in any jurisdiction where a
Seller who is subject to the provisions thereof is allegedly conducting the
prohibited activity.  (h) Amendments and Waivers. No amendment of any
provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in
writing and signed by the Purchaser and the Sellers. No waiver by any Party
of any default, misrepresentation or breach of warranty or covenant
hereunder, whether intentional or not, shall be deemed to extend to any prior
or subsequent default, misrepresentation or breach of warranty or covenant
hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior or
subsequent such occurrence.  (i) Arbitration. If the Parties should have a
material dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the
Parties\' respective rights and duties then, other than as provided in
Section 2(d)(ii)(D), the Parties will resolve such dispute in the following
manner: (i) any Party may at any time deliver to the others a written dispute
notice setting forth a brief description of the issue for which such notice
initiates the dispute resolution mechanism contemplated by this Section
12(i); (ii) during the 45 day period following the delivery of the notice
described in clause (i) above, appropriate representatives of the
various Parties will meet and seek to resolve the disputed issue through
negotiation, (iii) if representatives of the Parties are unable to resolve
the disputed issue through negotiation, then within 30 days after the period
described in clause (ii) above, the Parties will refer the issue (to the
exclusion of a court of law) to final and binding arbitration in Los Angeles
County, California in accordance with the then existing rules (the "Rules")
of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), and judgment upon the award
rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
thereof; provided, however, that the law applicable to any controversy shall
be the law of the State of California, regardless of principles of conflicts
of laws. In any arbitration pursuant to this Agreement the award or decision
shall be rendered by an arbitrator appointed by Purchaser and the Seller. In
the event of failure of Purchaser and the Seller to agree within 60 days
after the commencement of the arbitration proceeding upon the appointment of
the arbitrator, the arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance
with the Rules. Upon the selection of the arbitrator, an award or decision
shall be rendered within no more than 45 days. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the request by any Party for preliminary or permanent injunctive relief,
whether prohibitive or mandatory, shall not be subject to arbitration and may
be adjudicated exclusively in those courts set forth in Section 12(g)
above.  (j) Equitable Remedies. The Seller acknowledges and agrees that the
Purchaser and the Company would not have an adequate remedy at law in the
event any of the provisions of Section 6(b) of this Agreement are not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or are breached.
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything contrary in this Agreement, the Seller
agrees that the Purchaser and the Company shall be entitled to an immediate
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of any provision of Section
6(b) and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof in any
action instituted in those courts set forth in Section 12(g) above. The
obligations of the Seller under Section 6(b) of this Agreement shall
constitute covenants that are independent from any obligations that are or in
the future may be owing to the Seller by the Purchaser or the Company
and, accordingly, shall be enforceable by the Purchaser and the
Company notwithstanding any breach or alleged breach by the Purchaser or the
Company of any obligation to the Seller.  (k) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH
PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT SUCH PARTY MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY DO SO, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY
SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING HEREUNDER.  (l) Severability. Any term
or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any
situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or
enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation
or in any other jurisdiction.  (m) Expenses. Except as provided herein,
each Party shall pay all costs and expenses incident to its or his
negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and to such Party\'s
performance and compliance with all agreements and conditions contained
herein its or his part to be performed or complied with, including the fees,
expenses and disbursements of such Party\'s counsel and accountants and other
advisors (provided that at any time after Closing, the Purchaser may cause
the Company to reimburse the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates for any such
costs or expenses incurred by it or its Affiliates). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Purchaser shall pay all filing fees payable by the Parties in
connection with the filing by the Parties pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976.  (n) Construction. The Parties have
participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In
the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this
Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party
by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Any
reference to any federal, state, local or foreign statute or law shall be
deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
unless the context requires otherwise. The specification of any dollar amount
in the representations and warranties or otherwise in this Agreement or in
the Disclosure Schedule is not intended and shall not be deemed to be an
admission or acknowledgment of the materiality of such amounts or items, nor
shall the same be used in any dispute or controversy between the parties to
determine whether any obligation, item or matter (whether or not described
herein or included in any schedule) is or is not material for purposes of
this Agreement.   SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE       IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Stock Purchase
Agreement as of the date first above written.      ~~    PURCHASER:
COMPANY:  WINSLOEW FURNITURE, INC., BROWN JORDAN INTERNATIONAL, INC., a
Delaware a Florida corporation corporation  By:
___________________________________________________By:_______________________________________________  Its:
__________________________________________________Its:______________________________________________ HOLDINGS:  WLFI
HOLDINGS, INC. a Florida corporation  By:
__________________________________  Its:
__________________________________ SELLERS (Entities): SELLERS
(Individuals):  BJCL PARTNERS, L.P., a California limited partnership 
------------------------------------------------- By: Casual Living Funding
Partners, L.P., Michael J. Fourticq, Sr.  a Delaware limited partnership 
Its General Partner  -------------------------------------------------  By:
Hancock Park Associates II, L.P. Robert Ginn  a Delaware limited
partnership  Its General Partner 
-------------------------------------------------  By:
________________________________ Cynthia G. Watts 
--------------------------------  Michael J. Fourticq, Sr.  Its General
Partner  ------------------------------------------------- EQUITY-LINKED
INVESTORS-II, Kenton S. Van Harten a New York limited partnership  By:
Rohit M. Desai Associates-II
_________________________________________________  a New York general
partnership Richard Frinier   By: ______________________________________
_________________________________________________  Name:
________________________________ Gregory Fourticq  Title:
_______________________________ THE MCDERMOTT FAMILY TRUST   By:
____________________________________________
_________________________________________________  Brian P. McDermott Dale
Boles  Its Trustee   ------------------------------------------------- 
William Markowitz THE BOLES FAMILY TRUST  By:
____________________________________________
_________________________________________________  Dale Boles Tracy Moats 
Its Trustee   -------------------------------------------------  Peter
Schultz CYNTHIA G. WATTS PROFIT SHARING PLAN  By:
____________________________________________  Cynthia G. Watts
_________________________________________________  Administrator Frank
Taff  INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT FBO KENTON S. VAN HARTEN  By:
____________________________________________  INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT
FBO KATIE S. VAN HARTEN  By:
____________________________________________   HANCOCK PARK ASSOCIATES, II,
L.P. a Delaware limited partnership  By:
____________________________________________  Its General
Partner          List of Exhibits    Exhibit A Holdings Option
Agreement Exhibit B Series A Unsecured Subordinated Promissory Note Exhibit
C Series B Unsecured Subordinated Promissory Note Exhibit D Purchase Price
Calculation Certificate Exhibit E Opinion letter of Sellers\'
counsel Exhibit F Opinion letter of Purchaser\'s counsel Exhibit G Consent
of Spouse          SCHEDULE 1        Table of Contents 
-----------------  (continued)    Table of Contents     ~~     1.
Definitions and
Interpretation.................................................................1 
------------------------------   (a)
Definitions...........................................................................1 
-----------  (b) Additional Defined
Terms..............................................................9 
------------------------  (c)
Interpretation.......................................................................10 
--------------   2. Transactions Prior to Closing; Purchase and Sale of
Shares; Satisfaction of Funded 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Indebtedness;
Closing.........................................................................11 
---------------------   (a) Transactions Prior to
Closing........................................................11 
-----------------------------  (b) Basic
Transaction....................................................................13 
-----------------  (c) Purchase
Price.......................................................................13 
--------------  (d) Payment at Closing; Post Closing
Adjustment..........................................14 
-------------------------------------------  (e) Funded
Indebtedness..................................................................16 
-------------------  (f) The
Closing..........................................................................17 
-----------  (g) Deliveries at the
Closing............................................................17 
-------------------------  (h) Transfer
Taxes.......................................................................19 
-------------- 3.A. APPOINTMENT OF
REPRESENTATIVE.................................................................19 
----------------------------- 3.B. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
SELLERS AS TO SELLER MATTERS............................20 
------------------------------------------------------------------   (a)
Capacity.............................................................................20 
--------  (b) Binding
Obligation...................................................................20 
------------------  (c)
Noncontravention.....................................................................21 
----------------  (d)
Litigation...........................................................................21 
----------  (e) Ownership of Company Common
Stock....................................................21 
---------------------------------  (f) Brokers
Fees.........................................................................22 
------------  (g) Relationship with
Holdings...........................................................22 
---------------------------  3.C. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
SELLERS AND THE COMPANY WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPANY.....22 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
(a) Organization/Power and Authority to Conduct
Business.................................22 
----------------------------------------------------  (b)
Noncontravention.....................................................................22 
----------------  (c) Brokers
Fees.........................................................................23 
------------  (d)
Capitalization.......................................................................23 
--------------  (e) Financial
Statements.................................................................23 
--------------------  (f) Absence of Certain
Developments......................................................24 
-------------------------------  (g) Undisclosed
Liabilities..............................................................26 
-----------------------  (h) Legal
Compliance.....................................................................26 
----------------  (i) Company
Permits......................................................................26 
---------------  (j) Tax
Matters..........................................................................27 
-----------  (k) Certain Business Relationships with the
Company......................................28 
-----------------------------------------------  (l) Title to Tangible Assets
Other than Real Property Interests..........................29 
-----------------------------------------------------------  (m) Real
Property........................................................................29 
-------------  (n) Intellectual
Property................................................................30 
---------------------  (o) Material
Contracts...................................................................31 
------------------  (p) Powers of
Attorney...................................................................31 
------------------  (q)
Insurance............................................................................31 
---------  (r)
Litigation...........................................................................31 
----------  (s) Labor
Relations......................................................................31 
---------------  (t) Employee
Benefits....................................................................32 
-----------------  (u) Environmental, Health and Safety
Matters.............................................34 
----------------------------------------  (v) Customers and
Suppliers..............................................................35 
-----------------------  (w)
Inventory............................................................................35 
---------  (x) Accounts
Receivable..................................................................35 
-------------------  (y) List of
Accounts.....................................................................35 
----------------  (z) Product
Warranty.....................................................................36 
----------------  (aa) Repayment of Seller
Loans............................................................36 
-------------------------  (bb) Trustee of 401(k)
Plan...............................................................36 
----------------------  (cc) Employee
List........................................................................36 
-------------  (dd) Medical, Dental, and Workers\' Compensation
Claims....................................36 
-------------------------------------------------  (ee) Pre-paid
Advertising.................................................................36 
--------------------  (ff) Sales
Representatives................................................................37 
---------------------  (gg) Investment in Foreign
Supplier.......................................................37 
------------------------------  (hh) Funded
Indebtedness..................................................................37 
-------------------  (ii) Product
Liability....................................................................37 
-----------------   4. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser AND
HOLDINGS..................................37 
------------------------------------------------------------   (a)
Organization.........................................................................37 
------------  (b) Authorization of Transaction; Binding
Obligation.....................................38 
------------------------------------------------  (c)
Noncontravention.....................................................................38 
----------------  (d) Brokers
Fees.........................................................................38 
------------  (e) Acquisition of Shares for
Investment.................................................39 
------------------------------------  (f)
Capitalization.......................................................................39 
--------------  (g) Financing Commitment
Letter..........................................................39 
---------------------------  (h) Relationship with
Sellers............................................................40 
--------------------------   5. Pre-Closing
Covenants.........................................................................40 
---------------------   (a)
General..............................................................................40 
-------  (b) Notices and
Consents.................................................................40 
--------------------  (c) Operation of
Business................................................................40 
---------------------  (d) Preservation of
Business.............................................................40 
------------------------  (e) Full
Access..........................................................................41 
-----------  (f)
Financing............................................................................41 
---------  (g) Notice of
Developments...............................................................41 
----------------------   6. Post-Closing
Covenants........................................................................41 
----------------------   (a)
General..............................................................................41 
-------  (b) Non-Solicitation of Employees, Agents, Independent Contractors
and Certain Supplier..41 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
(c)
Confidentiality......................................................................42 
---------------  (d) Certain Tax
Matters..................................................................43 
-------------------  (e) Restrictions on Transfer of
Shares...................................................45 
----------------------------------  (f) Restrictive Covenants Applicable to
Dale Boles.......................................45 
----------------------------------------------  (g) Repurchase of Holdings
Notes and Holdings Common Stock...............................47 
-------------------------------------------------------   7. Remedies for
Breaches of This
Agreement.......................................................47 
---------------------------------------   (a) Survival of Representations
and Warranties...........................................47 
------------------------------------------  (b)
Indemnification......................................................................48 
---------------  (c) Effect of Knowledge of Breach; Determination of Losses;
Treatment of Indemnification 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Payments.............................................................................50 
--------  (d)
Reserved.............................................................................51 
--------  (e) No Contribution from
Company.........................................................51 
----------------------------  (f) Assignment by
Purchaser..............................................................52 
-----------------------  (g) Exclusive
Remedy.....................................................................52 
----------------   8. No
Shop.......................................................................................52 
-------  9. Conditions to Obligation to
Close.............................................................52 
---------------------------------   (a) Conditions to Obligation of the
Purchaser............................................52 
-----------------------------------------  (b) Conditions to Obligation of
the Sellers..............................................53 
---------------------------------------  10. Additional
Agreements.........................................................................54 
---------------------   (a) Software
Licenses....................................................................54 
-----------------  (b) Director and Officer
Liability.......................................................54 
------------------------------  (c) Tax Free
Exchange....................................................................54 
------------------   11.
Termination...................................................................................54 
-----------   (a) Termination of
Agreement.............................................................54 
------------------------  (b) Effect of
Termination................................................................55 
---------------------   12.
Miscellaneous.................................................................................56 
-------------   (a) No Third-Party
Beneficiaries.........................................................56 
----------------------------  (b) Entire
Agreement.....................................................................56 
----------------  (c) Succession and
Assignment............................................................56 
-------------------------  (d)
Counterparts.........................................................................56 
------------  (e)
Headings.............................................................................56 
--------  (f)
Notices..............................................................................56 
-------  (g) Governing Law;
Jurisdiction..........................................................57 
---------------------------  (h) Amendments and
Waivers...............................................................58 
----------------------  (i)
Arbitration..........................................................................58 
-----------  (j) Equitable
Remedies...................................................................59 
------------------  (k) Waiver of Jury
Trial.................................................................59 
--------------------  (l)
Severability.........................................................................59 
------------  (m)
Expenses.............................................................................59 
--------  (n)
Construction.........................................................................59 
------------       '

