 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER     Exhibit
2.1 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  AMONG  BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.,  PRI
AUTOMATION, INC.,  AND  PONTIAC ACQUISITION CORP.  DATED: OCTOBER 23,
2001  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
TABLE OF CONTENTS     PAGE  ----  ~~  Article I.
DEFINITIONS...................................... 1 Article II. THE
MERGER...................................... 8  Section 2.1 Procedure for the
Merger................. 8  Section 2.2 Surviving
Corporation.................... 8  Section 2.3
Closing.................................. 8  Section 2.4 Effective
Time........................... 8  Section 2.5 Articles of Organization and
Bylaws of  the Surviving Corporation............................. 9  Section
2.6 Board of Directors of Brooks............. 9  Section 2.7 Name of
Brooks........................... 9  Section 2.8 Reservation of Right to
Revise  Transaction........................................... 9 Article
III. EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF  THE CONSTITUENT
CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.... 9  Section 3.1 Effect of Merger on
Capital Stock........ 9  Section 3.2 Dissenting
Shares........................ 10  Section 3.3 Exchange of
Certificates................. 10  Section 3.4 Options and
Warrants..................... 12  Section 3.5 Certain
Adjustments...................... 13 Article IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF BROOKS........ 13  Section 4.1 Organization; Standing and
Corporate  Power................................................. 13 
Section 4.2 Subsidiaries............................. 14  Section 4.3
Capitalization........................... 14  Section 4.4 Authorization of
Transaction............. 15  Section 4.5 No Conflict of Transaction With 
Obligations and Laws.................................. 15  Section 4.6
Present Compliance with Obligations and 
Laws.................................................. 16  Section 4.7 Brooks
SEC Reports....................... 16  Section 4.8 Information
Supplied..................... 17  Section 4.9 Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities....... 17  Section 4.10 Absence of Certain Changes...............
18  Section 4.11 Payment of Taxes......................... 18  Section 4.12
Certain Contracts........................ 19  Section 4.13 Legal
Proceedings........................ 19  Section 4.14 ERISA and Employee
Benefits.............. 20  Section 4.15 Intellectual
Property.................... 21  Section 4.16 Environmental
Matters.................... 23  Section 4.17 Labor
Matters............................ 23  Section 4.18
Brokers.................................. 23  Section 4.19 Opinion of
Financial Advisor............. 24  Section 4.20 Ownership of PRI Common
Stock............ 24  Section 4.21 Section 203 of the DGCL Not Applicable...
24  Section 4.22 Rights Agreement......................... 24  Section 4.23
Brooks Action............................ 24  Section 4.24 Certain Tax
Matters...................... 24    i      PAGE  ----  ~~   Section
4.25 Compliance with Investment Company Act... 25 Article V. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF PRI............ 25  Section 5.1 Organization; Standing and
Corporate  Power................................................. 25 
Section 5.2 Subsidiaries............................. 25  Section 5.3
Capitalization........................... 25  Section 5.4 Authorization of
Transaction............. 26  Section 5.5 No Conflict of Transaction With 
Obligations and Laws.................................. 27  Section 5.6
Present Compliance with Obligations and 
Laws.................................................. 28  Section 5.7 PRI
SEC Reports.......................... 28  Section 5.8 Information
Supplied..................... 29  Section 5.9 Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities....... 29  Section 5.10 Absence of Certain Changes...............
29  Section 5.11 Payment of Taxes......................... 30  Section 5.12
Certain Contracts........................ 31  Section 5.13 Legal
Proceedings........................ 31  Section 5.14 Employee
Benefits........................ 32  Section 5.15 Intellectual
Property.................... 33  Section 5.16 Environmental
Matters.................... 35  Section 5.17 Labor
Matters............................ 35  Section 5.18
Brokers.................................. 36  Section 5.19 Opinion of
Financial Advisor............. 36  Section 5.20 Ownership of Brooks Common
Stock......... 36  Section 5.21 Antitakeover Laws........................
36  Section 5.22 Rights Agreement......................... 36  Section 5.23
PRI Action............................... 36  Section 5.24 Product
Warranties; Product Liability.... 37  Section 5.25 Certain Tax
Matters...................... 37  Section 5.26 Compliance with Investment
Company Act... 37 Article VI. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES RELATED TO
BROOKS  MERGER SUB................................................ 37 
Section 6.1 Organization............................. 37  Section 6.2
Capitalization........................... 37  Section 6.3 Authorization of
Transaction............. 37 Article VII. COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF
BUSINESS...... 38  Section 7.1 Conduct of Business by Brooks............ 38 
Section 7.2 Conduct of Business by PRI............... 39  Section 7.3 No
Solicitation by PRI................... 42 Article VIII. ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS......................... 43  Section 8.1 Preparation of
Registration Statement and  the Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus; 
Stockholders Meetings.................... 43  Section 8.2 Letters of PRI\'s
Accountants............. 45  Section 8.3 Letters of Brooks\'
Accountants........... 45  Section 8.4 Access to Information;
Confidentiality... 45  Section 8.5 Best Efforts.............................
46  Section 8.6 Indemnification, Exculpation and 
Insurance............................................. 46    ii     
PAGE  ----  ~~   Section 8.7 Fees and Expenses........................ 47 
Section 8.8 Public Announcements..................... 48  Section 8.9 Stock
Listing............................ 48  Section 8.10 Tax
Treatment............................ 48  Section 8.11 Conveyance
Taxes......................... 48  Section 8.12
Restraints............................... 48  Section 8.13 Section 16
Matters....................... 48  Section 8.14 Benefit
Plans............................ 48 Article IX. CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT............................ 49  Section 9.1 Conditions to Each
Party\'s Obligation to  Effect the
Merger..................................... 49  Section 9.2 Conditions to
Obligations of Brooks...... 50  Section 9.3 Conditions to Obligations of
PRI......... 51  Section 9.4 Frustration of Closing Conditions........
51 Article X. TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER................ 52  Section
10.1 Termination.............................. 52  Section 10.2 Effect of
Termination.................... 52  Section 10.3
Amendment................................ 53  Section 10.4 Extension;
Waiver........................ 53  Section 10.5 Procedure for Termination,
Amendment,  Extension or Waiver...................................
53 Article XI. GENERAL PROVISIONS.............................. 53  Section
11.1 Nonsurvival of Representations and 
Warranties............................................ 53  Section 11.2
Notices................................. 53  Section 11.3
Interpretation.......................... 54  Section 11.4
Counterparts............................ 54  Section 11.5 Entire Agreement;
No Third-Party  Beneficiaries......................................... 54 
Section 11.6 Governing Law........................... 55  Section 11.7
Assignment.............................. 55  Section 11.8 Consent to
Jurisdiction................. 55  Section 11.9
Headings................................ 55  Section 11.10
Severability............................ 55    iii    AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") dated as of
October 23, 2001, between Brooks Automation, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("BROOKS"), Pontiac Acquisition Corp., a Massachusetts corporation ("BROOKS
MERGER SUB"), and PRI Automation, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation
("PRI").   RECITALS:   WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Brooks and PRI,
deeming it advisable and for the respective benefit of Brooks and PRI, and
their respective stockholders, have approved a transaction in which Brooks
Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of Brooks, would be merged (the
"MERGER") with and into PRI, and the stockholders of PRI would receive Brooks
Common Stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement and in accordance with the provisions of the Massachusetts Business
Corporation Law (the "MBCL");   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors
of Brooks and PRI have each determined that the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby are consistent with, and in furtherance of,
their respective business strategies and goals and are in the best interests
of their respective stockholders;   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of
Directors of Brooks and PRI have approved the Merger, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;   WHEREAS, as a
condition to the willingness of the parties hereto to enter into this
Agreement and as an inducement to the parties to do so, contemporaneous with
the delivery of this Agreement, certain holders of the capital stock of each
of Brooks and PRI are entering into Voting Agreements in the form of Exhibits
4.23A and 5.23A, which provide for certain actions related to the
transactions contemplated hereby, including the agreement of those holders to
vote in favor of the Merger;   WHEREAS, for federal income tax purposes, it
is intended that the Merger will qualify as a reorganization under the
provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code and this Agreement shall be, and
hereby is, adopted as a plan of reorganization for purposes of Section 368(a)
of the Code; and   WHEREAS, Brooks, Brooks Merger Sub and PRI desire to make
certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection
with the Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the consummation
of the Merger;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the parties
agree as follows:   ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS   For purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified or referred to in
this Article:   "AFFILIATE" of a person means another person that directly
or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such first person, where "CONTROL" means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management policies of a person, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract, as trustee or executor, or
otherwise.   "AGREEMENT" -- this Agreement, including the Schedules and
Exhibits hereto.   "AMENDED CANADIAN ARTICLES" means the Articles of
Arrangement of PRI Canada, as amended to give effect to the terms of the
Merger and the issuance of Brooks Common Stock to holders of PRI Exchangeable
Shares instead of PRI Common Stock.   1    "AMENDED MRRS DECISION
DOCUMENT" means that MRRS Decision Document dated February 1, 1999 issued by
the Canadian Regulators, amended as necessary in the opinion of counsel to
PRI Canada to give effect to the issuance of Brooks Common Stock instead of
PRI Common Stock.   "AMENDED SUPPORT AGREEMENT" means the Support Agreement
dated March 2, 1999 by and among PRI, PRI Canada and PRI Subco, as amended
and restated in accordance with its terms to give effect to the terms of the
Merger, to add Brooks in place of PRI and to give effect to the issuance of
Brooks Common Stock to holders of PRI Exchangeable Shares instead of PRI
Common Stock.   "AMENDED VOTING AND EXCHANGE TRUST AGREEMENT" means the
Voting and Exchange Trust Agreement dated as of March 2, 1999 by and among
PRI, PRI Subco, PRI Canada and Montreal Trust Company of Canada, as amended
and restated in accordance with its terms to give effect to the terms of the
Merger, to add Brooks in place of PRI and to give effect to the issuance of
Brooks Common Stock to holders of PRI Exchangeable Shares instead of PRI
Common Stock.   "ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS" -- the Voting Agreements contemplated
by Sections 4.23 and 5.23 and the Employment Agreement contemplated by
Section 5.23.   "ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION" -- as defined in Section 2.5.  
"ARTICLES OF MERGER" -- as defined in Section 2.1.   "BROOKS" -- as defined
in the Recitals.   "BROOKS COMMON STOCK" -- the Common Stock, $.01 par
value, of Brooks.   "BROOKS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSETS" -- as defined in
Section 4.15   "BROOKS LATEST FORM 10-Q" -- as defined in Section 4.7.  
"BROOKS MATERIAL CONTRACTS" -- as defined in Section 4.12.   "BROOKS MERGER
SUB" -- as defined in the Recitals.   "BROOKS MERGER SUB COMMON STOCK" -- as
defined in Section 6.2.   "BROOKS OPTIONS" means any options granted by
Brooks to purchase its Common Stock pursuant to its stock option plans or
otherwise.   "BROOKS PREFERRED STOCK" -- as defined in Section 4.3.  
"BROOKS RIGHTS" has the same meaning as the term "Rights" under the
Brooks Rights Plan.   "BROOKS RIGHTS PLAN" means the Rights Agreement dated
as of July 23, 1997 between Brooks and Boston Equiserve Trust Company, N.A.
(successor in interest to BankBoston, N.A.), as amended to date.   "BROOKS
SEC REPORTS" -- as defined in Section 4.7.   "BROOKS SPECIAL VOTING SHARE"
means the share of Special Voting Preferred Stock to be authorized by the
Certificate of Incorporation of Brooks having the same rights, privileges,
restrictions and conditions relative to the Brooks Common Stock as the PRI
Special Voting Stock has relative to the PRI Common Stock and having that
number of votes equal to the number of shares of Brooks Common Stock that
holders of PRI Exchangeable Shares would receive under the Merger if they
held shares of PRI Common Stock.   "BROOKS STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL" -- as
defined in Section 4.4.   "BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS MEETING" -- as defined in
Section 8.1.   "BROOKS WARRANTS" means any warrants granted by Brooks to
purchase its Common Stock.   "BYLAWS" -- as defined in Section 2.5.  
"CANADIAN REGULATORS" -- as defined in Section 4.5.   "CLOSING" -- as
defined in Section 2.3.  2    "CLOSING DATE" -- the date and time on which
the Closing actually takes place.   "CODE" -- the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, or any successor law.   "COMPANY SHARES" -- as defined in
Section 3.3.   "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" -- the Mutual Confidentiality and
No-Shop Agreement, dated November 13, 2000 between Brooks and PRI.  
"CONVERTED SHARES" -- as defined in Section 3.3.   "DGCL" means the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.   "DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE" -- the
disclosure schedule delivered by each of Brooks and Brooks Merger Sub to PRI,
and by PRI to Brooks and Brooks Merger Sub, concurrently with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement.   "EFFECTIVE TIME" -- as defined in Section
2.4.   "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" means any "employee benefit plan" as defined
in Section 3(3) of ERISA and any other plan, policy, program, practice,
agreement, understanding or arrangement (whether written or oral) providing
compensation, severance, insurance coverage or other benefits (other than
ordinary cash compensation) to any current or former director, officer,
current or former employee or consultant (or to any dependent or beneficiary
thereof), of either of Brooks or PRI, as applicable, or its Subsidiaries,
which are now, or were within the past five years, maintained by either
Brooks or PRI or its respective Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliate, or under
which it has or could have any obligation or liability, whether actual or
contingent, including, without limitation, all incentive, bonus, deferred
compensation, vacation, holiday, cafeteria, medical, disability, stock
purchase, stock option, stock appreciation, phantom stock, restricted stock
or other stock-based compensation plans, policies, programs, practices or
arrangements.   "ENCUMBRANCE" -- any mortgage, charge, claim, community
property interest, equitable interest, lien, option, pledge, security
interest, right of first refusal or restriction of any kind, including any
restriction on use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any
other attribute of ownership; and the verb "ENCUMBER" shall be construed
accordingly.   "ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIM" -- any accusation, allegation, notice
of violation, action, claim, Encumbrance, Lien, demand, abatement or other
Order or direction (conditional or otherwise) by any Governmental Authority
or any Person for personal injury (including sickness, disease or death),
tangible or intangible property damage, damage to the environment, nuisance,
pollution, contamination or other adverse effects on the environment, or for
fines, penalties or restrictions resulting from or based upon (a) the
existence, or the continuation of the existence, of a Release (including,
without limitation, sudden or non-sudden accidental or non-accidental
Releases) of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Material or other substance,
clinical material, pollutant, contaminant, odor, audible noise, or other
Release in, into or onto the environment (including, without limitation, the
air soil, soil, surface water or groundwater) at, in, by, from or related to
the Facilities or any activities conducted thereon; (b) the environmental
aspects of the transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of Hazardous
Materials in connection with the operation of the Facilities; or (c) the
violation, or alleged violation, of any Environmental Laws, Orders or
Governmental Permits of or from any Governmental Authority relating to
environmental matters connected with the Facilities.   "ENVIRONMENTAL,
HEALTH, AND SAFETY LIABILITIES" -- any cost, damage, expense, liability,
obligation or other responsibility arising from or under any Environmental
Law or Occupational Safety and Health Law and consisting of or relating to:
(a) any environmental, health or safety matter or condition (including on-
site or off-site contamination, generation, handling and disposal of
Hazardous Materials, occupational safety and health, and regulation
of chemical and Hazardous Materials); (b) fines, penalties, judgments,
awards, settlements, legal or administrative proceedings, damages, losses,
litigation, including civil and criminal claims, demands and responses,
investigative, remedial, response or inspection costs and expenses arising
under Environmental Law or Occupational Safety and Health Law; (c) financial
responsibility under Environmental Law or Occupational Safety and Health Law
for cleanup costs or corrective action, including   3   any
investigation, cleanup, removal, containment or other remediation or response
actions required by applicable Environmental Law or Occupational Safety and
Health Law and for any natural resource damages; or (d) any other compliance,
corrective, investigative or remedial measures required under Environmental
Law or Occupational Safety and Health Law. The terms "removal," "remedial,"
and "response action," include the types of activities covered by the United
States Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act,
42 U.S.C. sec. 9601 et seq., as amended ("CERCLA").   "ENVIRONMENTAL LAW" --
any Law concerning the environment, or activities that might threaten or
result in damage to the environment or human health, or any Law that is
concerned in whole or in part with the environment and with protecting or
improving the quality of the environment and human and employee health and
safety and includes, but is not limited to, CERCLA, the Hazardous Materials
Transportation Act (49 U.S.C. sec. 1801 et seq.), the Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. sec. 6901 et seq.), the Clean Water Act (33
U.S.C. sec. 1251 et seq.), the Clean Air Act (33 U.S.C. sec. 7401 et
seq.), the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. sec. 2601 et seq.), the
Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. sec. 136 et
seq.) and the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. sec. 651 et seq.)
("OSHA"), as such laws have been amended or supplemented, and the regulations
promulgated pursuant thereto, and any and all analogous state or local
statutes, and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto.   "ERISA" --
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA
AFFILIATE" means any entity (whether or not incorporated) other than Brooks
or PRI, as applicable, or its Subsidiaries that, together with it or
its Subsidiaries, is a member of (a) a controlled group of corporations
within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code; (b) a group of trades or
businesses under common control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the
Code; or (c) an affiliated service group within the meaning of Section 414(m)
of the Code.   "EXCHANGE ACT" -- the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or any successor law.   "EXCHANGE AGENT" -- as defined in Section
3.3(a).   "EXCHANGE RATIO" -- as defined in Section 3.1.   "FACILITIES" --
any real property, leaseholds or other interests currently (or, for purposes
of Section 4.16 and 5.16 only, formerly) owned or operated by a party hereto
or any Subsidiary thereof, and any buildings, plants, structures or equipment
(including motor vehicles) currently or formerly owned or operated by a party
hereto or any Subsidiary thereof.   "GAAP" -- United States generally
accepted accounting principles.   "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" -- any court,
tribunal, authority, agency, commission, bureau, department, official or
other instrumentality of the United States, any foreign country or any
domestic, foreign, regional, state, local, county, city or other political
subdivision.   "GOVERNMENTAL PERMIT" -- any license, franchise, permit or
other authorization of any Governmental Authority.   "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS"
-- any substance, material or waste which is regulated by Environmental Law,
including, without limitation, any material or substance which is defined as
a "hazardous waste," "hazardous material," "hazardous substance," "extremely
hazardous waste" or "restricted hazardous waste," "subject waste,"
"contaminant," "toxic waste" or "toxic substance" under any provision of
Environmental Law, including but not limited to, petroleum products, asbestos
and polychlorinated biphenyls.   "HSR ACT" -- the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, or any successor law.  
"JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS" -- as defined in Section 8.1.  
"KNOWLEDGE" -- of any Person which is not an individual means the
actual knowledge, without investigation, of such Person\'s executive officers
or senior management of such Person\'s operating divisions and segments. 
4    "LAW" -- any federal, state, local or foreign law (including common
law), statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation or other requirement or
guideline.   "LIEN" -- any lien, pledge, hypothecation, levy, mortgage, deed
of trust, security interest, claim, lease, charge, option, right of first
refusal, easement, or other real estate declaration, covenant, condition,
restriction or servitude, transfer restriction under any shareholder or
similar agreement, encumbrance or any other restriction or limitation
whatsoever.   "MBCL" -- as defined in the Recitals.   "MARKET VALUE" -- as
defined in Section 3.3.   "MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE" or "MATERIAL ADVERSE
EFFECT" means, when used in connection with PRI or Brooks, any change,
effect, event, occurrence or state of facts that is, or would reasonably be
expected to be, materially adverse to the business, financial condition or
results of operations of such party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
other than any such change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts (a)
relating to general economic, regulatory or political conditions, except to
the extent such change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts
disproportionately affects such party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
(b) relating to the semiconductor capital equipment industry, the flat panel
display manufacturing equipment industry, or the data storage industry
generally, except to the extent such change, effect, event, occurrence or
state of facts disproportionately affects such party and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, (c) relating to any change in the trading price of the
common stock of such party or (d) relating to any reduction-in-force. A
failure by a party to meet the revenue, earnings or bookings predictions of
equity analysts as reflected in the First Call consensus estimate or any
other revenue, earnings or bookings predictions, including internal
management predictions, for any period ending on or after the date of this
Agreement shall not, in and of itself, and apart from the underlying
event, occurrence or state of facts, if any, be deemed to constitute a
Material Adverse Change or a Material Adverse Effect.   "MERGER" -- as
defined in the Recitals.   "MERGER CONSIDERATION" -- as defined in Section
3.1.   "MJDS POLICY" - as defined in Section 4.5.   "NASDAQ" -- as defined
in Section 3.3.   "OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH LAW" -- any legal or
governmental requirement or obligation relating to safe and healthful working
conditions or to reduce occupational safety and health hazards.   "OLD
CERTIFICATES" -- as defined in Section 3.3.   "ORDER" -- any order, consent
order, stay, injunction, judgment, decree, consent decree, ruling, writ,
assessment or arbitration award of a Governmental Authority.  
"ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS" -- (a) the articles or certificate
of incorporation or organization and the bylaws or code of regulations of
a corporation; (b) the partnership agreement and any statement of partnership
of a general partnership; (c) the limited partnership agreement and the
certificate of limited partnership of a limited partnership; (d) the articles
or certificate of formation and operating agreement of a limited liability
company; (e) any charter, trust certificate or document or similar document
adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation or organization
of a Person; and (e) any and all currently effective amendments to any of the
foregoing.   "PENSION PLAN" means an Employee Benefit Plan which is an
"employee pension benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2) of
ERISA.   "PERMITTED ENCUMBRANCES" means (a) liens for current taxes and
other statutory liens and trusts not yet due and payable or that are being
contested in good faith, (b) liens that were incurred in the ordinary course
of business, such as carriers\', warehousemen\'s, landlords\' and mechanics\'
liens and other similar liens arising in the ordinary course of business, (c)
liens on personal property leased under operating leases, (d) liens, pledges
or deposits incurred or made in connection with workmen\'s compensation,
unemployment insurance   5   and other social insurance and social
security benefits, or securing the performance of bids, tenders, leases,
contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed money), statutory
obligations, progress payments, surety and appeal bonds and other obligations
of like nature, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, (e)
pledges of or liens on manufactured products as security for any drafts or
bills of exchange drawn in connection with the importation of such
manufactured products in the ordinary course of business, (f) liens under
Article 2 of the Uniform Commercial Code or under applicable Canadian
provincial personal property security Laws that are special
property interests in goods identified as goods to which a contract refers,
and (g) liens under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code or under
applicable Canadian provincial personal property security Laws that are
purchase money security interests, none of which are material in the
aggregate or individually.   "PERSON" -- any individual, corporation
(including any non-profit corporation), general or limited partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture, estate, trust, association,
organization, labor union or other entity or Governmental Authority.  
"PRI" -- as defined in the Recitals.   "PRI ACQUISITION AGREEMENT" -- as
defined in Section 7.3.   "PRI CANADA" -- PRI Automation (Canada), Inc., a
corporation organized under the Canada Business Corporations Act.   "PRI
CLASS ONE PREFERRED STOCK" -- as defined in Section 5.3.   "PRI COMMON
STOCK" -- the Common Stock, $0.01 par value, of PRI.   "PRI COPYRIGHTS" --
as defined in Section 5.15.   "PRI DISSENTING SHARES" -- as defined in
Section 3.2.   "PRI EXCHANGEABLE SHARES" means the Exchangeable Shares
authorized by the articles of arrangement of PRI Canada.   "PRI
EXCHANGEABLE SHARE PROVISIONS" means the provisions of the articles
of arrangement of PRI Canada relating to the PRI Exchangeable Shares,
as supplemented by the provisions of the PRI Voting and Exchange Trust
Agreement and the PRI Support Agreement.   "PRI INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
ASSETS" -- as defined in Section 5.15.   "PRI LATEST FORM 10-Q" -- as
defined in Section 5.7.   "PRI MARKS" -- as defined in Section 5.15.  
"PRI MATERIAL CONTRACTS" -- as defined in Section 5.12.   "PRI OPTIONS" --
as defined in Section 3.4.   "PRI PATENTS" -- as defined in Section
5.15.   "PRI PREFERRED STOCK" -- as defined in Section 5.3.   "PRI RIGHTS"
-- has the same meaning as the term "Rights" under the PRI Rights Plan.  
"PRI RIGHTS PLAN" means the Rights Agreement dated as of December 9,
1998 between PRI and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as rights agent, as
amended to date.   "PRI SEC REPORTS" -- as defined in Section 5.7.   "PRI
SECRET INFORMATION" -- as defined in Section 5.15.   "PRI SERIES A PREFERRED
STOCK" -- as defined in Section 5.3.   "PRI SPECIAL VOTING SHARE" -- as
defined in Section 5.3.   "PRI STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL" -- as defined in
Section 5.4.   "PRI STOCKHOLDERS MEETING" -- as defined in Section 8.1.  
6    "PRI SUBCO" -- 1325949 Ontario Inc., an Ontario corporation.   "PRI
SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" means any written PRI Takeover Proposal for (i) all of the
capital stock, or (ii) not less than 90% of the assets (except to the extent
a portion not in excess of 30% of the assets is reasonably anticipated to be
required to be disposed of pursuant to any requirement of or
agreement entered into with a regulatory body) of the assets of PRI, which
PRI Takeover Proposal the PRI Board of Directors in good faith believes is
reasonably capable of being completed on terms substantially similar to the
terms proposed, for consideration consisting of cash and/or securities, and
otherwise on terms which the Board of Directors of PRI determines in its good
faith judgment after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally
recognized reputation and considering all relevant factors (including the
financial terms and the legal and regulatory factors), would result in a
transaction more favorable to PRI\'s stockholders compared with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and for which financing, to the
extent required, is then committed or which, in the good faith judgment of
the Board of Directors of PRI after consultation with its financial advisor,
is reasonably capable of being obtained by such Person.   "PRI SUPPORT
AGREEMENT" means the Support Agreement dated as of March 2, 1999 among PRI,
PRI Subco and PRI Canada.   "PRI TAKEOVER PROPOSAL" or "PONTIAC TAKEOVER
PROPOSAL" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person relating to
any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase by such Person of a business
or assets that constitutes 15% or more of the net revenues, net income or
assets of PRI and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 15% or more of any
class of equity securities of PRI, any tender offer or exchange offer that if
consummated would result in any Person beneficially owning 15% or more of any
class of equity securities of PRI, or any merger, consolidation, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving PRI or the PRI Common Stock (or any PRI Subsidiary
whose business constitutes 30% or more of the net revenues, net income or
assets of PRI and its Subsidiaries, taken as whole), other than
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   "PRI TERMINATION FEE" --
as defined in Section 8.7.   "PRI VOTING AND EXCHANGE TRUST AGREEMENT" means
the Voting and Exchange Trust Agreement dated as of March 2, 1999 among PRI,
PRI Subco, PRI Canada and Montreal Trust Company of Canada.   "PRI
WARRANTS" -- as defined in Section 3.4.   "PROCEEDING" -- any pending formal
or informal action, investigation, arbitration, litigation or other judicial,
regulatory or administrative proceeding.   "REGISTRATION STATEMENT" -- the
registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed by Brooks with the SEC
pursuant to Sections 4.8, 5.8 and 8.1.   "RELEASE" -- any release, spill,
effluent, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal,
discharge, dispersal, leaching, or migration into the indoor or outdoor
environment of any Hazardous Material through or in the air, soil, surface
water or groundwater.   "REMEDIAL ACTION" -- all actions, including, without
limitation, any expenditures, required or voluntarily undertaken to (a) clean
up, remove, treat, or in any other way address any Hazardous Material or
other substance in the indoor or outdoor environment; (b) prevent the Release
or threat of Release, or minimize the further Release of any Hazardous
Material or other substance so it does not migrate or endanger or threaten to
endanger public health or welfare of the indoor or outdoor environment; (c)
perform pre-remedial studies and investigations or post-remedial monitoring
and care; or (d) bring any Facility into compliance with all applicable
Environmental Laws and Governmental Permits.   "RESTRAINTS" -- as defined in
Section 9.1.   "SEC" -- the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission.   "SECURITIES ACT" -- the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
any successor law.   "SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARY" has the meaning specified by
Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X of the SEC.  7    "SUBSIDIARY" -- with
respect to any Person means any corporation, joint venture, limited liability
company, partnership, association or other business entity of which more than
50% of the total voting power of stock or other equity interest entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors or managers or equivalent
positions thereto is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such
Person.   "SURVIVING CORPORATION" -- as defined in Section 2.2.   "TAXES"
means all taxes, charges, fees, Encumbrances, customs, duties or other
assessments, however denominated, including any interest,
penalties, additions to tax or additional taxes that may become payable in
respect thereof, imposed by any Governmental Authority, which taxes shall
include without limitation all income taxes, payroll and employee withholding
taxes, unemployment insurance, social security, sales and use taxes, excise
taxes, capital taxes, franchise taxes, gross receipt taxes, occupation taxes,
real and personal property taxes, value added taxes, stamp taxes, transfer
taxes, workers\' compensation taxes, taxes relating to benefit plans and
other obligations of the same or similar nature.   "TAX AUTHORITY" means
any Governmental Authority that administers Taxes or enforces the payment or
imposition of Taxes.   "TAX RETURN" -- any report, return, declaration,
statement, or other information required to be filed with any Governmental
Authority with respect to or in connection with Taxes.   "TRADING DAY" --
any day on which the Nasdaq National Market is open for business.   ARTICLE
II. THE MERGER  SECTION 2.1 PROCEDURE FOR THE MERGER   Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (including Section
2.8), Brooks Merger Sub shall be merged, in accordance with section 78 of the
MBCL, with and into PRI. The Merger shall be effected by filing articles of
merger ("ARTICLES OF MERGER") with the Secretary of State of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts in accordance with Section 78 of the MBCL.  SECTION 2.2
SURVIVING CORPORATION   Following the Merger, the separate corporate
existence of Brooks Merger Sub shall cease, and PRI shall continue as the
surviving corporation (the "SURVIVING CORPORATION"). The name of the
Surviving Corporation shall be PRI. At the Effective Time, the purpose of the
Surviving Corporation shall be to conduct and engage in all lawful activities
and businesses to the maximum extent permitted by the MBCL.  SECTION 2.3
CLOSING   The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the "CLOSING") will take place at 10:00 a.m. on a date to be specified by
the parties (the "CLOSING DATE"), which shall be no later than the third
business day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in
Sections 9.1, 9.2(d) and 9.3(d), unless another time or date is agreed to by
the parties hereto. The Closing will be held at such location in Boston,
Massachusetts as is agreed to by the parties hereto.  SECTION 2.4 EFFECTIVE
TIME   Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon as practicable
on the Closing Date, the parties shall cause the Merger contemplated by this
Agreement to be consummated by the filing of the Articles of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts executed in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the MBCL, and the parties shall
make all other filings or recordings required under the MBCL. The Merger
shall become effective at such time as the Articles of Merger have been duly
filed with the Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, or at
such subsequent date or time as the parties shall agree and specify in the
Articles of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being hereinafter
referred to as the "EFFECTIVE TIME").  8   SECTION 2.5 ARTICLES OF
ORGANIZATION AND BYLAWS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION   Except as provided
herein, the Articles of Organization of Brooks Merger Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the articles of
organization of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable law (the "ARTICLES OF
ORGANIZATION"). The bylaws of Brooks Merger Sub, as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time, shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation
until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable law
(the "BYLAWS"). At the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall be
authorized to issue 200,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share.
After the Effective Time, the directors and officers of Brooks Merger Sub
shall be the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation.  SECTION
2.6 BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF BROOKS   Prior to or contemporaneously with the
Effective Time, Brooks shall increase the size of its Board of Directors to
seven directors and appoint Mitchell G. Tyson and one other designee of PRI
(subject to Brooks\' approval, not to be unreasonably withheld) to the Board
of Directors of Brooks. If any such person is unable or unwilling at the
Effective Time to serve as a Director of Brooks, Brooks shall appoint another
designee of PRI in place of such person (subject to Brooks\' approval, not to
be unreasonably withheld).  SECTION 2.7 NAME OF BROOKS   At or immediately
after the Effective Time, the corporate name of Brooks shall be changed to
Brooks -- PRI Automation, Inc., or as otherwise agreed to between the parties
prior to the Effective Time.  SECTION 2.8 RESERVATION OF RIGHT TO REVISE
TRANSACTION   Not later than the effective time of the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus, Brooks (with the consent of PRI, not to be unreasonably
withheld) may change the method of effecting the business combination among
Brooks, Brooks Merger Sub, and PRI, and each party shall cooperate in such
efforts, including to provide for (a) a merger of PRI with and into Brooks
Merger Sub, (b) a merger of PRI directly into Brooks, or (c) some other
substantially similar structure; provided, however, that no such change shall
(i) alter or change the amount or kind of consideration to be issued to
holders of PRI Common Stock, PRI Options and PRI Warrants as provided for in
this Agreement, (ii) result in the transaction being a taxable transaction
for PRI or PRI\'s stockholders in the Merger (including holders of the PRI
Exchangeable Shares), (iii) materially delay receipt of any approval required
for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iv)
require PRI to obtain the agreement, approval or consent of any person whose
agreement, approval or consent is not required in connection with the Merger
described herein (unless Brooks shall waive the requirement to obtain such
agreement, approval or consent in a manner satisfactory to PRI), (v) impair
or delay or the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction
contemplated hereby or the ability of any party hereto to perform its
obligations hereunder by more than fifteen calendar days; or (vi) in PRI\'s
sole judgment, cause PRI to breach any representation, warranty, covenant or
agreement (unless Brooks shall waive compliance with such
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in a manner satisfactory to
PRI).   ARTICLE III. EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE 
CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES  SECTION 3.1 EFFECT OF
MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK   At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of any party hereto or any holder of any
capital stock of Brooks, Brooks Merger Sub, or PRI:   (a) Each share of
Brooks Common Stock, if any, that is owned by PRI or  any of its Subsidiaries
shall be canceled and cease to exist, no  consideration shall be delivered in
exchange therefor and each holder of a  certificate representing any such
shares shall cease to have any rights  with respect thereto.   9    Each
share of PRI Common Stock and the associated PRI Right that is owned  by PRI
or any of its Subsidiaries shall be canceled and cease to exist, no 
consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor and each holder of a 
certificate representing any such shares shall cease to have any rights  with
respect thereto.   (b) Subject to Section 3.3, each share of PRI Common
Stock and the  associated PRI Right (other than shares and PRI Rights
canceled pursuant to  Section 3.1(a) and PRI Dissenting Shares) issued and
outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be
converted  into the right to receive 0.52 (the "EXCHANGE RATIO") shares of
Brooks  Common Stock, together with cash, if any, in lieu of any fractional
shares  pursuant to Section 3.3(d). Upon such conversion, all such shares of
PRI  Common Stock and associated PRI Rights shall be canceled and cease to 
exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such shares shall 
cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive 
the number of whole shares of Brooks Common Stock to be issued in 
consideration therefor and any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Brooks 
Common Stock upon the surrender of such certificate in accordance with 
Section 3.3, without interest (collectively, the "MERGER CONSIDERATION").  
(c) If the approval of the holders of the PRI Exchangeable Shares of the 
matters described in Section 9.2(d) and 9.3(d) is obtained, the PRI Special 
Voting Share shall automatically be converted into the right to receive the 
Brooks Special Voting Share. Upon such conversion, the PRI Special Voting 
Share shall be canceled and cease to exist, and the holder of such share 
shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to 
receive the Brooks Special Voting Share upon the surrender of such 
certificate. If such approval is not obtained and the PRI Exchangeable 
Shares are redeemed or the exercise of the Redemption Call Right of PRI 
Subco as described in Section 9.2(d) and 9.3(d) takes place, the Brooks 
Special Voting Share shall be cancelled and the holder of such share shall 
cease to have any rights with respect thereto.   (d) Each share of the
capital stock of Brooks Merger Sub issued and  outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall automatically be  converted into one validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of  the common stock, $.01 par
value per share, of the Surviving Corporation.  SECTION 3.2 DISSENTING
SHARES   Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares
of PRI Common Stock that have not been voted for adoption of this Agreement
and with respect to which appraisal rights shall have been properly perfected
in accordance with Sections 85 through 98 of the MBCL (the "PRI DISSENTING
SHARES") shall not be converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration in accordance with this Agreement, at or after the Effective
Time, unless and until the holder of such PRI Dissenting Shares withdraws his
demand for such appraisal in accordance with the MBCL or becomes ineligible
for such appraisal. If a holder of PRI Dissenting Shares shall withdraw his
demand for such appraisal in accordance with the MBCL, or shall become
ineligible for such appraisal, then, as of the later of the Effective Time or
the occurrence of such event, such holder\'s PRI Dissenting Shares shall
cease to be PRI Dissenting Shares and shall be deemed to have converted as of
the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration into
which his PRI Common Stock would otherwise have converted as of the Effective
Time pursuant to this Agreement. PRI shall give prompt notice to Brooks of
any demands received by PRI for appraisal of any shares of capital stock of
PRI, and Brooks shall have the right to participate, on an equal basis with
PRI, in all negotiations, proceedings and settlements with respect to such
demands. Before the Effective Time, PRI shall not, without the prior written
consent of Brooks, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed, make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any
such demands, or agree to do any of the foregoing.  SECTION 3.3 EXCHANGE OF
CERTIFICATES   (a) As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, Brooks
shall deposit with its transfer agent (or a bank or trust company designated
by Brooks prior to the Effective Time) (the "EXCHANGE AGENT") certificates
representing shares of Brooks Common Stock required to effect the exchanges
referred to in Section 3.1, together with cash in an amount estimated in good
faith to equal or exceed the amount payable pursuant to Section 3.3(d) in
lieu of fractional shares.   10    (b) As soon as practicable after the
Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record of a
certificate or certificates that, immediately prior to the Effective Time,
represented outstanding shares of PRI Common Stock (collectively, the "OLD
CERTIFICATES") that were converted (collectively, the "CONVERTED SHARES")
into the right to receive shares of Brooks Common Stock (collectively, the
"COMPANY SHARES") pursuant to Section 3.1, (i) a form of letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title to any Old Certificate shall pass, only upon actual delivery
of such Old Certificate to the Exchange Agent) and (ii) instructions for use
in effecting the surrender of Old Certificates in exchange for certificates
representing Company Shares and cash in lieu of the fraction of a share of
Company Shares, if any, payable pursuant to Section 3.3(d) hereof. Upon
surrender of an Old Certificate to the Exchange Agent (or to such other agent
or agents as may be appointed by Brooks), together with a duly executed
letter of transmittal and such other documents as the Exchange Agent shall
require, the holder of such Old Certificate shall be entitled to receive in
exchange therefor a certificate representing the number of whole
Company Shares that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the
provisions of this Article III and payment in lieu of fractional shares which
such holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 3.3(d) hereof, and
the Old Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event
of a transfer of ownership of Converted Shares that is not registered in the
transfer records of PRI a certificate representing the proper number of
Company Shares may be issued to the transferee if the Old Certificate
representing such Converted Shares is presented to the Exchange Agent,
accompanied by all documents deemed by the Exchange Agent to be required to
evidence and effect such transfer and by evidence satisfactory to the
Exchange Agent that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid. If
any Old Certificate shall have been lost, stolen, mislaid or destroyed, then
upon receipt of (x) an affidavit of that fact from the holder claiming such
Old Certificate to be lost, mislaid, stolen or destroyed, (y) such bond,
security or indemnity as Brooks or the Exchange Agent may reasonably require,
and (z) any other documentation deemed by the Exchange Agent to be necessary
to evidence and effect the bona fide exchange thereof, the Exchange Agent
shall issue to such holder a certificate representing the number of Company
Shares into which the shares represented by such lost, stolen, mislaid or
destroyed Old Certificate shall have been converted. Until surrendered as
contemplated by this Section 3.3, each Old Certificate shall be deemed at any
time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive the
Merger Consideration upon such surrender.   (c) No dividends or other
distributions declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to
Company Shares with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to
the holder of any unsurrendered Old Certificate with respect to the Company
Shares represented thereby, and no cash payment in lieu of fractional shares
shall be made to any such holder pursuant to Section 3.3(d), until the holder
of record of such Old Certificate shall surrender such Old Certificate as
contemplated by Section 3.3(b). Subject to the effect of unclaimed property,
escheat and other applicable laws, following surrender of any such Old
Certificate there shall be paid to the holder of the
certificates representing whole Company Shares issued in exchange therefor,
without interest, (i) at the time of such surrender or as soon thereafter as
may be practicable, the amount of any cash payable in lieu of a fractional
Company Share to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 3.3(d) and
the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole Company Shares and
(ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other
distributions with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to
surrender and a payment date subsequent to surrender payable with respect to
such whole Company Shares.   (d) No certificates or scrip representing
fractional Company Shares shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of
Old Certificates, and such fractional share interests will not entitle the
owner thereof to vote or to any rights of a holder of Company Shares. In lieu
thereof, each holder of Converted Shares who would otherwise be entitled to a
fraction of a Company Share (after aggregating all fractional Company Shares
to be received by such holder) shall receive from Brooks an amount of cash
(rounded down to the nearest whole cent), without interest, equal to the
product of such fraction multiplied by the Market Value of the Company
Shares. The "MARKET VALUE" of the Company Shares means the closing price per
share of the Company Shares (rounded to the nearest cent) on the Nasdaq
National Market ("NASDAQ") (as reported in the Wall Street Journal, or, if
not reported therein, any other authoritative source selected by Brooks) on
the day of the Closing.   11    (e) All Company Shares issued upon the
surrender for exchange of Converted Shares in accordance with the terms of
this Article III (including any cash paid in respect thereof) shall be deemed
to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such
Converted Shares under this Article III. From and after the Effective Time,
the stock transfer books of PRI shall be closed and no transfer of any
capital stock of PRI shall thereafter be made. If after the Effective Time
Old Certificates are presented to Brooks for registration of transfer, they
shall be canceled and exchanged for certificates representing the number of
whole Company Shares and the cash amount, if any, determined in accordance
with Article III.   (f) Any certificates representing Company Shares
deposited with the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 3.3(a) and not
exchanged within one year after the Effective Time pursuant to this Section
3.3 shall be returned by the Exchange Agent to Brooks, which shall thereafter
act as Exchange Agent. All funds held by the Exchange Agent for payment to
the holders of unsurrendered Old Certificates and unclaimed at the end of one
year from the Effective Time shall be returned to Brooks, whereupon any
holder of unsurrendered Old Certificates shall look as a general unsecured
creditor only to Brooks for payment of any funds to which such holder may be
entitled, subject to applicable law. Neither the Exchange Agent nor Brooks
shall be liable to any person for such shares or funds delivered to a public
official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
law.   (g) Brooks and the Exchange Agent will be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement
such amounts as Brooks or the Exchange Agent are required to deduct and
withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or any
provision of federal, state, local or foreign Tax Law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld by Brooks or the Exchange Agent, such withheld
amounts will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been
paid to the holder of PRI Common Stock in respect of whom such deduction and
withholding were made by Brooks or the Exchange Agent.  SECTION 3.4 OPTIONS
AND WARRANTS   (a) As of the Effective Time, all (i) options granted by PRI
to purchase its Common Stock pursuant to its stock option plans or otherwise
("PRI OPTIONS") and (ii) warrants granted by PRI to purchase its Common Stock
("PRI WARRANTS"), whether vested or unvested, whether or not exercisable,
shall be assumed by Brooks. Immediately after the Effective Time, each PRI
Option and PRI Warrant outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be deemed to constitute an option or warrant to acquire, on the same
terms and conditions as were applicable under such PRI Option or PRI Warrant
at the Effective Time, the number of shares of Brooks Common Stock equal to
the number of shares of PRI Common Stock subject to the unexercised portion
of such PRI Option or PRI Warrant multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (rounded
down to the nearest whole share). The exercise price per share of each such
assumed PRI Option or PRI Warrant shall be equal to the exercise price of
such PRI Option or PRI Warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time,
divided by the Exchange Ratio (rounded up to the nearest cent). The terms,
exercisability, vesting schedule, status as an "incentive stock option" under
Section 422 of the Code, if applicable, and all of the other terms of the PRI
Options and PRI Warrants shall otherwise remain unchanged. Without limiting
the foregoing, for purposes of determining vesting of the PRI Options and
otherwise, employees of Brooks or the Surviving Corporation will be credited
for their full term during which they were employed by PRI to the extent
relevant under the terms of their respective options.   (b) Before or as of
the Effective Time, PRI shall take all necessary actions with respect to the
PRI Options and PRI Warrants under the plans and instruments governing such
PRI Options and PRI Warrants, if any, to provide for the conversion of the
PRI Options and PRI Warrants into options and warrants to acquire shares of
Brooks Common Stock in accordance with this Section 3.4.   (c) As soon as
practicable after the Effective Time, Brooks shall deliver to the holders of
PRI Options and PRI Warrants appropriate notices setting forth such holders\'
rights pursuant to such PRI Options and PRI Warrants, as amended by this
Section 3.4, and the agreements evidencing such PRI Options and PRI Warrants
shall continue in effect on the same terms and conditions (subject to the
amendments provided for in this Section 3.4).   12    (d) Brooks shall
take all corporate action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient
number of shares of Brooks Common Stock for delivery upon exercise of the PRI
Options and PRI Warrants assumed in accordance with this Section 3.4. Before
the Effective Time, Brooks shall file one or more registration statements on
Form S-8 (or any successor or other appropriate form) under the Securities
Act with respect to all shares of Brooks Common Stock subject to PRI Options
that may be registered on a Form S-8, and shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain the effectiveness of any such registration statement for
so long as such PRI Options remain outstanding.  SECTION 3.5 CERTAIN
ADJUSTMENTS   If between the date hereof and the Effective Time, the
outstanding shares of PRI Common Stock or of Brooks Common Stock shall be
changed into a different number of shares by reason of any reclassification,
recapitalization, reorganization, split-up, combination or exchange of
shares, or if any dividend payable in stock or other securities shall be
declared thereon with a record date within such period, or if the Brooks
Rights become exercisable or are exercised, the Exchange Ratio shall be
adjusted accordingly to provide to the holders of PRI Common Stock the same
economic benefit as was contemplated by this Agreement prior to such
reclassification, recapitalization, reorganization, split-up, combination,
exchange or dividend. If the PRI Rights become exercisable or are exercised,
Brooks, Brooks Merger Sub and PRI shall promptly negotiate in good faith an
amendment to this Agreement that will adjust the Exchange Ratio accordingly
and make such other changes to the Merger Agreement so as to provide the
holders of each share of PRI Common Stock and the holders of each 1/100,000
of a share of Class One Preferred Stock (other than an Acquiring Person as
defined in the PRI Rights Plan) the same economic benefit as was contemplated
hereunder prior to such event for the holder of each share of PRI Common
Stock.   ARTICLE IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BROOKS   Except as
disclosed in the Brooks SEC Reports or as set forth on the Brooks Disclosure
Schedule delivered by Brooks to PRI prior to the execution of this Agreement
and making reference to the particular subsection of this Agreement to which
exception is being taken, Brooks represents and warrants to PRI as set forth
in this Article IV. The Brooks Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged
in sections and paragraphs corresponding to the numbered and lettered
sections and paragraphs contained in this Article IV and the disclosure in
any section or paragraph shall qualify other sections and paragraphs in this
Article IV only to the extent that it is reasonably apparent from a reading
of such disclosure that it also qualifies or applies to such other sections
and paragraphs.  SECTION 4.1 ORGANIZATION; STANDING AND CORPORATE POWER  
(a) Each of Brooks and its Subsidiaries is a corporation or other
legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (with
respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is organized and has the requisite corporate or
other power, as the case may be, and authority to carry on its business as
now being conducted, except for those jurisdictions where the failure to be
in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Brooks. Each of Brooks and its Subsidiaries is duly
qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing (with respect to
jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in each jurisdiction in which the
nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or operation of its
properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for those
jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed or to be in
good standing, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Brooks.   (b) Brooks has delivered to PRI prior to the
execution of this Agreement complete and correct copies of its Organizational
Documents, as amended to date.   (c) Except as set forth in Section 4.1 of
the Brooks Disclosure Schedule, the minute books of Brooks which have been
made available to PRI contain, in all material respects, accurate records of
all meetings and accurately reflect all other actions taken by the
stockholders, the Board of Directors and all committees of the Board of
Directors of Brooks since January 1, 1996.   13   SECTION 4.2
SUBSIDIARIES   Section 4.2 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule includes all
the Subsidiaries of Brooks which as of the date of this Agreement are
Significant Subsidiaries. Except as otherwise indicated on the Brooks
Disclosure Schedule, all the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other
equity interests in, each such Significant Subsidiary have been duly
authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and are
owned directly or indirectly by Brooks, free and clear of all
Encumbrances.  SECTION 4.3 CAPITALIZATION   (a) The authorized capital
stock of Brooks presently consists of 43,000,000 shares of Brooks Common
Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share
("BROOKS PREFERRED STOCK"), of which 21,500 shares have been designated
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. At the close of business on
October 19, 2001: (i) 19,904,968 shares of Brooks Common Stock were issued
and outstanding; (ii) no shares of Brooks Common Stock were held by Brooks in
its treasury or by any Subsidiaries of Brooks; and (iii) no shares of Brooks
Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding or held by Brooks in its treasury
or by any Subsidiaries of Brooks. There has been no material change in such
capitalization between that date and the date of this Agreement. At or prior
to the Effective Time, the authorized capital stock of Brooks shall
be increased to consist of (i) 100,000,000 shares of Brooks Common Stock
and 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, of which 100,000 shares shall have
been designated Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and (iii) the
Brooks Special Voting Share.   (b) Section 4.3 of the Brooks Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list, as of October 19, 2001, of
the number of shares of Brooks Common Stock subject to Brooks Options, Brooks
Warrants and other rights to purchase or receive Brooks Common Stock (other
than the Brooks Rights), the dates of grant and exercise prices thereof.  
(c) All outstanding shares of capital stock of Brooks are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and were not issued
in violation of any preemptive rights. All shares of capital stock of Brooks
which may be issued under the Brooks Options and the Brooks Warrants are duly
authorized and not subject to preemptive rights, and, upon issuance on the
terms and conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are
issuable, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.   (d)
Except as set forth in this Section 4.3 or in Section 4.3 of the
Brooks Disclosure Schedule and except for changes since October 19, 2001
resulting from the issuance of shares of Brooks Common Stock pursuant to the
Brooks Options: (i) there are not issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding (A) any shares of capital stock or other voting securities of
Brooks, (B) any securities of Brooks or any Brooks Subsidiary convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock or voting
securities of Brooks, (C) any warrants, calls, options or other rights to
acquire from Brooks or any Brooks Subsidiary, or any obligation of Brooks or
any Brooks Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
delivered or sold, any capital stock, voting securities or securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock or voting
securities of Brooks; and (ii) there are no obligations, contingent
or otherwise, of Brooks or any Brooks Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any such securities of Brooks or to provide funds to or
make any material investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or
otherwise) in any such Subsidiary or any other entity other than guarantees
of bank obligations of Subsidiaries entered into in the ordinary course of
business. Except as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Brooks Disclosure
Schedule, there are not issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding (A) any
securities of Brooks or any Brooks Subsidiary convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock or other voting
securities or ownership interests in any Brooks Subsidiary, or (B) any
warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire from Brooks or any Brooks
Subsidiary, or any obligation of Brooks or any Brooks Subsidiary to issue,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any capital stock,
voting securities or other ownership interests in, or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any capital stock, voting
securities or ownership interests in, any Brooks Subsidiary. Except as set
forth in Section 4.3 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule, there are no
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of Brooks or any Brooks Subsidiary
to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any such securities of any
Brooks Subsidiary.   14    (e) Except as set forth in Section 4.3 of the
Brooks Disclosure Schedule, neither Brooks nor any Brooks Subsidiary is a
party to any agreement restricting the transfer of, relating to the voting
of, requiring registration of, or granting any preemptive, or antidilutive
rights with respect to, any securities of the type referred to in paragraph
(a), (b) or (d). Other than the Brooks Subsidiaries, except as set forth in
Section 4.3 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule, Brooks does not directly or
indirectly beneficially own any securities or other beneficial ownership
interests in any other entity except for non-controlling investments made in
the ordinary course of business in entities which are not individually or in
the aggregate material to Brooks and its Subsidiaries as a whole. To the
Knowledge of Brooks, other than as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Brooks
Disclosure Schedule or in connection with the Ancillary Agreements, there are
no voting trusts, proxies or other voting agreements or understandings with
respect to the shares of capital stock of Brooks.  SECTION 4.4
AUTHORIZATION OF TRANSACTION   Brooks has all requisite power and authority
to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreements
delivered pursuant to this Agreement, the Amended Support Agreement and the
Amended Voting and Exchange Trust Agreement, to perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder, and to carry out the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby and to create the Brooks Special Voting Share. Subject to
the adoption of this Agreement, the approval of the Merger by a majority of
the outstanding shares of Brooks Common Stock entitled to vote on this
Agreement and the Merger (collectively, the "BROOKS STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL"),
the creation of the Brooks Special Voting Share, the entering into by Brooks
of the Amended Support Agreement and the Amended Voting and Exchange Trust
Agreement, all necessary action, corporate or otherwise, has been taken by
Brooks to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, each of the Ancillary Agreements, the Amended Support Agreement,
the Amended Voting and Exchange Trust Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements
have been duly executed and delivered by Brooks and constitute legal, valid
and binding obligations of Brooks, enforceable against Brooks in accordance
with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws
affecting creditors\' rights generally, and (ii) that the remedy of specific
performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject
to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any
Proceeding therefor may be brought. At the Closing, the Amended Support
Agreement and the Amended Voting and Exchange Trust Agreement will have been
duly executed and delivered by Brooks and, when so executed, will constitute
legal, valid and binding obligations of Brooks, enforceable against Brooks in
accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws
affecting creditors\' rights generally, and (ii) that the remedy of specific
performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject
to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any
Proceeding therefor may be brought.  SECTION 4.5 NO CONFLICT OF TRANSACTION
WITH OBLIGATIONS AND LAWS   (a) Except as set forth in Section 4.5 of the
Brooks Disclosure Schedule and subject to compliance with the requirements of
paragraph (b) below, none of the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements, the Amended Support Agreement and the
Amended Voting and Exchange Trust Agreement nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, will: (i) constitute a breach or
violation of the Organizational Documents of Brooks or any Significant
Subsidiary; (ii) require any Order, consent, waiver, exemption, approval or
authorization of, declaration, filing or registration with, or giving of
notice to, any Governmental Authority; (iii) constitute (with or without the
passage of time or the giving of notice) a breach of, or default under, any
debt instrument to which Brooks or any Significant Subsidiary is a party, or
give any person the right to accelerate any indebtedness or terminate, modify
or cancel any right with respect to any indebtedness; (iv) constitute (with
or without the passage of time or giving of notice) a default (or give rise
to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or
loss of any material benefit) under or breach of in any material respect any
other agreement, instrument or obligation to which Brooks or any Subsidiary
is a party or by which Brooks or any Subsidiary or any of their assets are
bound; (v) result in the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the assets
of Brooks or any Subsidiary; (vi) result in a violation of any Law applicable
to Brooks or any Subsidiary, or their businesses or   15   assets; or
(vii) invalidate or adversely affect any material Governmental Permit used in
Brooks\' or any Subsidiary\'s business, except in the case of clauses (iii),
(iv) and (v), such conflicts, breaches or defaults as will not have
a Material Adverse Effect on Brooks. Except as set forth in Section 4.5 of
the Brooks Disclosure Schedule, none of the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements nor the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will give
rise to a right of any party (other than Brooks or any Subsidiary) to
terminate, modify or cancel any contract, agreement or other instrument
required to be disclosed in the Brooks Disclosure Schedule or disclosed in
the Brooks SEC Reports.   (b) The consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and by the Ancillary Agreements requires: (1) the filing
of a pre-merger notification and report form by Brooks under the HSR Act and
any other documents or information requested by the United States Department
of Justice or the United States Federal Trade Commission in connection
therewith; (2) the filing of similar notifications, applications, documents
and information with anti-competition authorities of foreign jurisdictions;
(3) the filing with the SEC of (A) a proxy statement relating to the Brooks
Stockholders Meeting as part of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, and (B)
such reports under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as may be
required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby; (4) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; (5) the creation of the Brooks Special
Voting Share and all required corporate filings in connection therewith; (6)
such filings with Governmental Authorities as are necessary to satisfy the
applicable requirements of state securities or "blue sky" laws; and (7)
notification under the Investment Canada Act (Canada) of consummation of
the transaction prior to or within 30 days after consummation; (8) the
receipt of the Amended MRRS Decision Document on or before Closing; (9) if
appropriate exemptions are not available, the filing of the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus pursuant to and in accordance with National Instrument
71-101 -- the Multijurisdictional Disclosure System (the "MJDS Policy") of
the Canadian provincial securities regulators (the "Canadian Regulators");
(10) approval by the Toronto Stock Exchange of the Amended Canadian Articles
and the listing of the PRI Exchangeable Shares or any exchangeable shares
issued in place thereof; (11) the issuance by the Canadian Regulators of all
exemptive orders required in connection with the issuance of Brooks Common
Stock in Canada; and (12) such other consents, waivers, exemptions,
declarations, filings, registrations, notices, approvals, Orders or
authorizations the failure of which to be made or obtained individually or in
the aggregate would not (x) have a Material Adverse Effect on Brooks or (y)
reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Brooks to perform its
obligations under this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements.  SECTION 4.6
PRESENT COMPLIANCE WITH OBLIGATIONS AND LAWS   Except as set forth in
Section 4.6 in the Brooks Disclosure Schedule, neither Brooks nor any
Subsidiary is: (a) in violation of its Organizational Documents; (b) in
default in any material respect in the performance of any obligation,
agreement or condition of any debt instrument that (with or without the
passage of time or the giving of notice) affords to any person the right
to accelerate any indebtedness or terminate any right; (c) in default of or
in breach of in any material respect (with or without the passage of time or
the giving of notice) any other contract to which it is a party or by which
it or its assets are bound, except for such defaults or breaches that will
not singly or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect on Brooks; or
(d) in violation of any Order or Governmental Permit that is held by Brooks
or any Subsidiary applicable to any of them or their respective businesses or
assets. Brooks and the Subsidiaries have conducted and are now conducting
their businesses and the ownership and operation of their assets in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws, including,
without limitation, the Clayton Act, the Sherman Act, the Federal Trade
Commission Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and all Environmental
Laws.  SECTION 4.7 BROOKS SEC REPORTS   (a) Brooks has filed all
registration statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents (including exhibits and all other information
incorporated therein) required to be filed with the SEC for the period
commencing October 1, 1996 (the "BROOKS SEC REPORTS"). As of
their respective   16   dates, the Brooks SEC Reports complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act, or the
Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder applicable to such Brooks SEC Reports, and none of the
Brooks SEC Reports when filed (or, if amended or superseded by a filing
before the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing) contained
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.   (b) The financial statements of Brooks included in the Brooks
SEC Reports (including any related notes) complied as to form, as of their
respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of
the SEC with respect thereto, were prepared in accordance with GAAP (except,
in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q or Form 8-K,
as applicable, of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present
the consolidated financial position of Brooks and its consolidated
subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their
operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of
unaudited statements, to normal and recurring year-end audit adjustments
(which were not and are not expected to be material in amount) and except
that, in the case of financial statements included therein which were later
restated to account for one or more business combinations accounted for as
poolings-of-interest, such original financial statements do not reflect such
restatements).   (c) Except as set forth in Section 4.7 of the Brooks
Disclosure Schedule, Brooks or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, (i) owns all
right, title and interest in and to each of the material assets shown or
reflected on the balance sheet included in the Form 10-Q for the nine months
ended June 30, 2001 filed by Brooks (the "BROOKS LATEST FORM 10-Q") (except
where such assets have been sold in the ordinary course of business since
June 30, 2001), free and clear of all Encumbrances (other than Permitted
Encumbrances), or (ii) licenses, leases or otherwise possesses legally valid
and enforceable rights to use each of such assets.  SECTION 4.8 INFORMATION
SUPPLIED   (a) None of the information supplied or to be supplied by
Brooks specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the
registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by Brooks in
connection with the issuance of Brooks Common Stock in the Merger (the
"REGISTRATION STATEMENT") will, at the time the Registration Statement
becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (ii) the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, at the date it is first mailed to
stockholders of Brooks or PRI or at the time of the Brooks Stockholders
Meeting or the PRI Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or omit to state any
material fact necessary to correct any statement in any earlier communication
with respect to the solicitation of proxies for the Brooks Stockholders
Meeting or the PRI Stockholders Meeting which has become false
or misleading.   (b) The Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to
form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations thereunder, except that no representation or
warranty is made by Brooks with respect to statements made, omitted or
incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied by PRI
specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus.  SECTION 4.9 ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES  
Neither Brooks nor any Subsidiary has any liabilities of any nature, whether
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise (including without
limitation liabilities as guarantor or otherwise with respect to obligations
of others, or liabilities for Taxes due or then accrued or to become due),
except: (a) liabilities stated or   17   adequately reserved against on
the balance sheet included in the Brooks Latest Form 10-Q, (b) liabilities
incurred since June 30, 2001 in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices, (c) liabilities disclosed on Schedule 4.9 of the Brooks
Disclosure Schedule, and (d) other liabilities not in excess of $15 million
in the aggregate. To the Knowledge of Brooks, there is no fact that will have
a Material Adverse Effect on Brooks which has not been specifically disclosed
herein or in a schedule hereto.  SECTION 4.10 ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES  
Since June 30, 2001, Brooks and its Subsidiaries have conducted
their businesses only in the ordinary course of business, consistent with
prior practices and, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, there
has not been any Material Adverse Change with respect to Brooks. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as disclosed on Schedule
4.10 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule, since June 30, 2001 there has not
been:   (a) any amendment to the Organizational Documents of Brooks or any 
Subsidiary;   (b) any material contingent liability incurred by Brooks or
any of its  Subsidiaries as guarantor or otherwise with respect to the
obligations of  others;   (c) any material Encumbrance placed on any of the
properties of Brooks  or any Subsidiary which remains in existence on the
date hereof;   (d) any material obligation or liability incurred by Brooks
or any of  its Subsidiaries other than obligations and liabilities incurred
in the  ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (none of
which is  a claim for breach of contract, breach of duty, breach of warranty,
tort or  infringement of an intellectual property right);   (e) any sale or
other disposition, or any agreement or other arrangement  for the sale or
other disposition, of any material properties or assets of  Brooks or any of
its Subsidiaries other than in the ordinary course of  business; or   (f)
any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend on, or the  making
of any other distribution in respect of, the capital stock of  Brooks, or any
direct or indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition  by Brooks of
its capital stock.  SECTION 4.11 PAYMENT OF TAXES   Except as set forth in
Section 4.11 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule:   (a) Each of Brooks and its
Subsidiaries has duly and timely filed all  Tax Returns that they were
required to file, except where the failure to  file would not have a Material
Adverse Effect. All of such Tax Returns were  complete and correct in all
material respects. All Taxes shown to be due on  such Tax Returns have been
paid or are being contested in good faith by  Brooks and such contest is
being diligently pursued, all of which contested  Taxes are listed in Section
4.11 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule. With  respect to all other Taxes for
which no Tax Return is required or which  have not yet accrued or otherwise
become due, adequate provision has been  made in the financial statements
included in the SEC Reports. The  provisions for Taxes reflected in the
above-mentioned financial statements  are adequate to cover any Tax
liabilities of Brooks and its Subsidiaries in  respect of their business,
properties and operations during the periods  covered by said financial
statements and all prior periods. All material  Taxes and other assessments
and levies that Brooks or any Subsidiary of  Brooks was required to withhold
or collect have been withheld or collected  and paid over or will be paid
over to proper governmental authorities as  required. None of Brooks and its
Subsidiaries currently is the beneficiary  of any extension of time within
which to file any Tax Return.   (b) No material deficiencies have been
asserted or assessments made  against Brooks or any Subsidiary of Brooks, nor
is any Tax Authority now  asserting or, to the Knowledge of Brooks,
threatening to assert against  Brooks or any Subsidiary of Brooks any
material deficiency or claim for  additional Taxes or interest thereon or
penalties in connection therewith.   18    (c) Neither Brooks nor any of
its Subsidiaries has waived any statute of  limitations with respect to Taxes
or agreed to an extension of time with  respect to a Tax assessment or
deficiency, which waiver or extension  currently remains in effect.   (d)
Neither Brooks nor any of its Subsidiaries is a "consenting  corporation"
within the meaning of Section 341(f) of the Code, and none of  the assets of
Brooks or its Subsidiaries are subject to an election under  Section 341(f)
of the Code.   (e) Neither Brooks nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a
United States  real property holding corporation within the meaning of
Section 897(c)(2)  of the Code during the applicable period specified in
Section  897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.   (f) Neither Brooks nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any actual or  potential liability for any Taxes of any
person (other than any of Brooks  and its Subsidiaries) under Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any  similar provision of federal, state,
local or foreign law), or as a  transferee or successor, by contract, or
otherwise.   (g) Neither Brooks nor any of its Subsidiaries has undergone a
change in  its method of accounting resulting in an adjustment to its taxable
income  pursuant to Section 481 of the Code.   (h) As of the end of
Brooks\' most recent taxable year, none of the net  operating loss
carryovers, capital loss carryovers, credit carryovers, or  other tax
attributes of Brooks or its Subsidiaries are subject to  limitation under
Sections 382 or 383 of the Code or to separate return year  limitations under
the applicable consolidated return provisions of the  Treasury
Regulations.  SECTION 4.12 CERTAIN CONTRACTS   (a) Except as set forth in
the Brooks SEC Reports or in Section 4.12 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule,
neither Brooks nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by (i) any
"material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation
S-K of the SEC), (ii) any non-competition agreement or any other agreement or
obligation which purports to limit in any material respect the manner in
which, or the localities in which, all or any material portion of the
business of Brooks and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, has been, or will
be, conducted, or (iii) any contract or other agreement which would prohibit
or materially delay the consummation of the Merger or any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (all contracts of the type described in
clauses (i) and (ii) being referred to herein as "BROOKS
MATERIAL CONTRACTS").   (b) Each Brooks Material Contract is valid and
binding on Brooks (or, to the extent a Brooks Subsidiary is a party, such
Subsidiary) and is in full force and effect, and Brooks and each Brooks
Subsidiary and to Brooks\' Knowledge each other party thereto have in all
material respects performed all obligations required to be performed by them
to date under each Brooks Material Contract, except where such noncompliance,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on
Brooks. Neither Brooks nor any Brooks Subsidiary Knows of, or has received
notice of, any violation or default under (nor, to the Knowledge of Brooks,
does there exist any condition which with the passage of time or the giving
of notice or both would result in such a violation or default under) any
Brooks Material Contract by Brooks.  SECTION 4.13 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   (a)
Except as set forth in the Brooks SEC Reports or in Section 4.13 of
the Brooks Disclosure Schedule, neither Brooks nor any Subsidiary has
received notice of, nor to its Knowledge does there exist, any Proceeding
that has been commenced by or against Brooks or any Subsidiary or any of the
officers, directors, former officers or directors, employees, shareholders or
agents of either Brooks or any Subsidiary (in their capacities as such) or
that otherwise relates to the business of, or any of the assets or properties
owned or used by, any of them which, if determined adversely, would have a
Material Adverse Effect on Brooks, nor, to the Knowledge of Brooks, are there
any facts which could reasonably be expected to lead to such a
Proceeding.   19    (b) There is no Proceeding that challenges, or that
may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal, or otherwise
interfering with, any of the transactions contemplated hereby or by any of
the Ancillary Agreements.  SECTION 4.14 ERISA AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   (a)
Except for the Employee Benefit Plans listed on Section 4.14 of the Brooks
Disclosure Schedule, neither Brooks nor any Subsidiary nor any
ERISA Affiliate of any of them maintains, has an obligation to contribute to,
or has any actual or contingent liability with respect to, any Employee
Benefit Plan. Brooks and its Subsidiaries will deliver to PRI or its counsel
within 15 days after the date hereof true and complete copies of (i) plan
instruments and amendments thereto for all Employee Benefit Plans required to
be listed on Section 4.14 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule (or written
summaries of any such Employee Benefit Plans that are unwritten) and related
trust agreements, insurance and other contracts, summary plan descriptions,
and summaries of material modifications, and material communications
distributed to the participants of each such Employee Benefit Plan, (ii) to
the extent annual reports on Form 5500 are required with respect to any such
Employee Benefit Plan, the three most recent annual reports and attached
schedules for each such Employee Benefit Plan as to which such report is
required to be filed, (iii) where applicable, the most recent (A) opinion,
notification and determination letters, (B) audited financial statements, (C)
actuarial valuation reports and (D) nondiscrimination tests performed under
the Code (including Section 401(k) and 401(m) tests) for each such Employee
Benefit Plan, and (iv) all contracts with third party administrators,
investment managers, actuaries, consultants, vendors or insurance or mutual
fund companies.   (b) Except as set forth on Section 4.14 of the Brooks
Disclosure Schedule, neither Brooks nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of
their ERISA Affiliates maintains or has ever maintained or contributed to an
Employee Benefit Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA (including a multiemployer
plan as defined in ERISA Section 3(37) and no facts exist under which any of
them could incur any liability under Title IV of ERISA.   (c) With respect
to each Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on Section 4.14 of the
Brooks Disclosure Schedule, (i) no party in interest or disqualified person
(as defined in Section 3(14) of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code,
respectively) has at any time engaged in a transaction which could subject
Brooks, PRI or any of their Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates, directly or
indirectly, to a Tax, penalty or liability for prohibited
transactions imposed by ERISA Section 406 or Code Section 4975 and (ii) no
fiduciary (as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA) with respect to any such
Employee Benefit Plan, for whose conduct Brooks, PRI or any of their
Subsidiaries could have any liability (by reason of indemnities or
otherwise), has breached any of the responsibilities or obligations imposed
upon the fiduciary under Title I of ERISA.   (d) Each Employee Benefit Plan
required to be listed on Section 4.14 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule which
is a "welfare plan" within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA and which
provides health, disability or death benefits is fully insured and does not
utilize a trust intended to be exempt from Tax pursuant to Section 501 of the
Code and neither Brooks nor any Subsidiary is obligated to directly pay any
such benefits or to reimburse any third Person payor for the payment of such
benefits.   (e) Each Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on Section
4.14 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule which is a Pension Plan and which is
subject to Sections 201, 301 or 401 of ERISA has received a favorable
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service covering all
amendments required by the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and prior legislation and
there are no circumstances that are likely to result in revocation of any
such favorable determination letter. Except as noted on Section 4.14 of the
Brooks Disclosure Schedule, no Pension Plan has assets other than securities
listed on a public exchange, public stock market, mutual fund shares
registered under federal law, publicly traded debt or government debt
instruments, or participant loans extended in accordance with its terms. Each
Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on Section 4.14 of the Brooks
Disclosure Schedule is and has been operated in material compliance with its
terms and all applicable Laws and Orders currently in effect with respect
thereto, and by its terms can be amended and/or terminated at any time.  
(f) Except as set forth on Section 4.14 of the Brooks Disclosure
Schedule with respect to each Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on
Section 4.14 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule, no event or omission has  
20   occurred, and there exists no condition, claim, or set of
circumstances in connection with which Brooks, or any of Subsidiaries could
be subject to any liability, loss, damage, Tax, penalty or expense.   (g)
Except as set forth on Section 4.14 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule, the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Brooks, the performance by Brooks
of its obligations hereunder and consummation by Brooks of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not, alone or together with any other
event, (i) entitle any employee or former employee of Brooks or any of
its Subsidiaries to any payment, (ii) result in an increase in the amount
of compensation or benefits or accelerate the vesting or timing of payment of
any benefits or compensation, including but not limited to stock options or
benefits under any deferred compensation plan, payable in respect of any
employee or former employee of Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii)
result in any parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, whether or
not such payment is considered reasonable compensation for services
rendered.   (h) Brooks and its Subsidiaries will take all actions within
their control to ensure that all actions required to be taken by a fiduciary
of any Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on Section 4.14 of the
Brooks Disclosure Schedule in order to effectuate the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement shall comply with the terms of such Employee
Benefit Plan, ERISA and other applicable Laws.   (i) No Employee Benefit
Plan required to be listed on Section 4.14 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule
provides benefits, including without limitation death or medical benefits
(through insurance or otherwise), with respect to any employee or former
employee of Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries beyond their retirement or
other termination of service, other than (i) continuation or other coverage
mandated by applicable Law, (ii) retirement or death benefits under
any Pension Plan disclosed on Section 4.14 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule,
(iii) disability benefits under any welfare plan that have been fully
provided for by insurance or otherwise, (iv) deferred compensation benefits
accrued as liabilities on the consolidated books of Brooks or (v) benefits in
the nature of severance pay.   (j) No Employee Benefit Plan required to be
listed on Section 4.14 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule is a "multiple
employer plan" as described in Section 3(40) of ERISA or Section 413(c) of
the Code.   (k) Neither Brooks nor any of its Subsidiaries has proposed,
agreed to or announced any changes to any Employee Benefit Plan required to
be listed on Section 4.14 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule that would cause
an increase in benefits under any such Employee Benefit Plan (or the creation
of new benefits or plans) or to change any employee coverage which would
cause an increase in the expense of maintaining any such plan, except as
required by amendments to Section 401(a) of the Code.   (l) Other than
claims for benefits submitted by participants or beneficiaries in the
ordinary course, no claim against, investigation or request for information,
or Proceeding involving any Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on
Section 4.14 of Brooks Disclosure Schedule is pending, or to the Knowledge of
Brooks, threatened.  SECTION 4.15 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY   (a) As used
herein, the term "Brooks Intellectual Property Assets" shall mean all
worldwide intellectual property rights which are material to the conduct of
the business of Brooks or one of its Subsidiaries as it is
currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted by Brooks or any of its
Subsidiaries, including without limitation in both cases: (A) all trademarks,
service marks, trade names, common law trademarks, business names, Internet
domain names, trade dress, slogans, and the goodwill associated therewith,
and all registrations or applications therefor (collectively, "Brooks
Marks"); (B) all patents and patent applications (collectively, "Brooks
Patents"); (C) all copyrights in both published works and unpublished works,
including training manuals, marketing and promotional materials, internal
reports, business plans and any other expressions, mask works and software,
firmware and videos, whether registered or unregistered, and all
registrations or applications in connection therewith (collectively, "Brooks
Copyrights"); and (D) information which is considered to be secret,
confidential and proprietary, including all trade secrets, know-
how, confidential information, customer lists, technical information,
proprietary information, technologies, processes and formulae, source code,
object code, library functions, flow charts, algorithms, architecture,  
21   structure, display screens and development tools, data, plans,
drawings and blue prints, whether tangible or intangible and whether stored,
compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, photographically, or
otherwise (collectively, "Brooks Secret Information").   (b) Except as set
forth in Section 4.15 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule, Brooks or one of its
Subsidiaries, as applicable, (i) owns all right, title and interest in and to
each of the Brooks Intellectual Property Assets, free and clear of all
Encumbrances, or (ii) licenses or otherwise possesses legally valid and
enforceable rights to use each of the Brooks Intellectual Property
Assets. Brooks and its Subsidiaries have made all necessary filings and
recordations to protect and maintain their interests in the Brooks
Intellectual Property Assets except where the failure to make such filings or
recordation would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Brooks.   (c)
Except as set forth in Section 4.15 of the Brooks Disclosure Schedule (i) to
the Knowledge of Brooks, all Brooks Patents owned by Brooks or any of
its Subsidiaries are valid and subsisting and all maintenance fees, annuities
and the like required to be paid before the date hereof have been paid; (ii)
to the Knowledge of Brooks, none of the issued Brooks Patents is infringed;
(iii) to the Knowledge of Brooks, neither the validity nor the enforceability
of any of the Brooks Patents has been challenged or threatened in any way by
any Person; and (iv) no Person has notified Brooks in writing that any of the
products or technology used, sold, offered for sale or licensed or proposed
for use, sale, offer for sale or license by Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries
infringes any rights of any Person.   (d) (i) To the Knowledge of Brooks,
all Brooks Marks owned by Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries are valid and
subsisting; (ii) to the Knowledge of Brooks, none of the Brooks Marks is
infringed or diluted, (iii) to the Knowledge of Brooks, none of the Brooks
Marks owned by Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries has been opposed or
challenged, and, to the Knowledge of Brooks, no claims exist against the use
by Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries of any Brooks Marks; and (iv) to the
Knowledge of Brooks, all uses of registered Brooks Marks are in conformance
with applicable statutory and common law so as not to compromise
the strength, good will, and integrity of the Brooks Marks.   (e) To the
Knowledge of Brooks, (i) all the Brooks Copyrights owned by Brooks or any of
its Subsidiaries which are material to the consolidated business, whether or
not registered, are valid and enforceable; (ii) to the Knowledge of Brooks
none of the Brooks Copyrights is infringed or has been challenged or
threatened in any way; and (iii) no claims exist against the use by Brooks or
any of its Subsidiaries of any writings or other expressions used in the
business of Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or as
proposed to be conducted.   (f) Brooks and its Subsidiaries have taken
reasonable measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of
their Brooks Secret Information. To the Knowledge of Brooks, the Brooks
Secret Information has not been used, divulged or appropriated for the
benefit of any Person (other than Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries). To the
Knowledge of Brooks, none of the Brooks Secret Information is subject to any
material adverse claim. Reasonably appropriate policies are in place to
protect the continued secrecy, confidentiality and value of the Brooks Secret
Information.   (g) Except as set forth in Section 4.15 of the Brooks
Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of Brooks, no Brooks Intellectual
Property Asset is subject to any outstanding Order, Proceeding (other than
pending Proceedings pertaining to applications for patent, trademark or
copyright registration), or stipulation restricting in any manner the
licensing thereof by Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither Brooks nor
any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any agreement to indemnify any other
person against any charge of infringement of the intellectual property rights
of any other Person, other than indemnification as part of the sale or
licensing of the products of Brooks and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary
course of business.   (h) To the Knowledge of Brooks, all employees,
contractors, agents and consultants of Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries who
are involved in the creation of Brooks Intellectual Property Assets or who
have access to Brooks Secret Information have executed a nondisclosure and
assignment of inventions agreement to protect the confidentiality and to vest
in Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries exclusive ownership of Brooks
Intellectual Property Assets, except where the failure to have executed such
an agreement will not have a Material   22   Adverse Effect. To Brooks\'
Knowledge, neither Brooks nor any of its Subsidiaries has written or oral
agreements with any employees, contractors, agents or consultants with
respect to the ownership of inventions, trade secrets or other works as a
result of which any such employee, contractor, agent or consultant may have
rights to any material portion of the Brooks Intellectual
Property Assets.  SECTION 4.16 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS   (a) To the
Knowledge of Brooks, each of Brooks and its Subsidiaries is in compliance in
all material respects with applicable Environmental Laws, which compliance
includes, but is not limited to, the possession by each of all Governmental
Permits required by any Governmental Authority to operate its business or
under applicable Environmental Laws, and compliance in all material respects
with the terms and conditions thereof. Neither Brooks nor any of
its Subsidiaries has received notice of, nor, to the Knowledge of Brooks, is
any predecessor of any of them the subject of, any Environmental Claim or
Remedial Action. To the Knowledge of Brooks, Brooks and its Subsidiaries have
no material Environmental, Health and Safety Liabilities. To the Knowledge of
Brooks, there are no circumstances or conditions related to Brooks or any of
its Subsidiaries, their operations or Facilities that are reasonably likely
to prevent or interfere with such compliance or give rise to an Environmental
Claim or Remedial Action in the future.   (b) There are no Environmental
Claims that are pending or, to the Knowledge of Brooks, threatened against
Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries or against any Person whose liability for
any Environmental Claim Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries has retained or
assumed either contractually or by operation of Law.   (c) To the Knowledge
of Brooks, neither Brooks nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any other Person
acting on behalf of any of them, has disposed of, transported, stored, or
arranged for the disposal of any Hazardous Materials to, at or upon: (i) any
location other than a site lawfully permitted to receive such Hazardous
Materials; (ii) any Facilities except for the use of household cleaners and
office products in the ordinary course of business in compliance with
applicable Environmental Laws; or (iii) any site which, pursuant to CERCLA or
any similar state Law, has been placed on the National Priorities
List, CERCLIS or their state equivalents. To the Knowledge of Brooks, there
has not occurred during the period Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries operated
or possessed any Facility, nor is there presently occurring, a Release,
or threatened Release, of any Hazardous Materials on, into or beneath the
surface of, or adjacent to, any Facilities except for the use of household
cleaners and office products in the ordinary course of business in material
compliance with applicable Environmental Laws.  SECTION 4.17 LABOR
MATTERS   Except as set forth on Section 4.17 of the Brooks Disclosure
Schedule, neither Brooks nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or
otherwise bound by any collective bargaining agreement, contract or other
agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor organization. Neither
Brooks nor any of its Subsidiaries is the subject of any Proceeding of which
Brooks or any Subsidiary has received written notice or is otherwise aware
asserting that Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries has committed an unfair
labor practice or is seeking to compel it to bargain with any labor union or
labor organization that, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably
likely to have a Brooks Material Adverse Effect, nor is there pending or, to
the Knowledge of Brooks, threatened, any labor strike, dispute, walkout, work
stoppage or lockout involving Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries that,
individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to have a Brooks
Material Adverse Effect.  SECTION 4.18 BROKERS   No broker, investment
banker, financial advisor or other person other than Credit Suisse First
Boston Corporation (the fees and expenses of which will be paid by Brooks),
is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other
similar fee, commission or payment in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by
or on behalf of Brooks. Brooks has furnished to PRI true and complete copies
of all agreements under which any such fees, commissions or payments are  
23   payable and all indemnification and other agreements related to the
engagement of the persons to whom such fees, commissions or payments are
payable.  SECTION 4.19 OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR   The Board of
Directors of Brooks has received the opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston
Corporation dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of the
date of the opinion, the Exchange Ratio for the conversion of PRI Common
Stock into Brooks Common Stock is fair from a financial point of view
to Brooks, a signed copy of which opinion will be delivered to PRI solely
for informational purposes promptly after receipt thereof by Brooks, it
being understood and agreed by PRI that such opinion is for the benefit of
the Board of Directors of Brooks and may not be relied upon by PRI, its
Affiliates or any of their respective stockholders.  SECTION 4.20 OWNERSHIP
OF PRI COMMON STOCK   Except as set forth in Section 4.20 of the Brooks
Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, neither Brooks nor, to its
Knowledge without independent investigation, any of its Affiliates, (i)
beneficially owns (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly
or indirectly, or (ii) is party to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of,
in each case, shares of capital stock of PRI.  SECTION 4.21 SECTION 203 OF
THE DGCL NOT APPLICABLE   The Board of Directors of Brooks has taken all
actions so that the restrictions contained in Section 203 of the DGCL
applicable to a "business combination" (as defined therein) will not apply
to, and no other "fair price," "business combination," "moratorium," "control
share acquisition" or other form of antitakeover Law will apply to, the
execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the Stockholders
Agreement or the consummation of the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.  SECTION 4.22 RIGHTS AGREEMENT  
Immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement, Brooks has (a)
duly entered into an appropriate amendment to the Brooks Rights Plan, which
amendment has been provided to PRI, and approved by the Board of Directors of
Brooks and (b) taken all other action necessary or appropriate so that the
entering into of this Agreement by Brooks and the entering into of the Voting
Agreements by the Stockholders of Brooks specified in Section 4.23 of this
Agreement do not and will not result in the ability of any Person to exercise
any Brooks Rights under the Brooks Rights Plan or enable or require the
Brooks Rights issued thereunder to separate from the shares of Brooks Common
Stock to which they are attached or to be triggered or become
exercisable.  SECTION 4.23 BROOKS ACTION   Brooks has obtained and
delivered to PRI a duly executed Voting Agreement of Robert J. Therrien,
Lynda M. Avallone, Jeff Cassis, Steven E. Hebert, Michael W. Pippins, Ellen
B. Richstone, Charles McKenna, Amin S. Khoury, Roger D. Emerick, Joseph R.
Martin and Juergen Giessmann substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit 4.23A, pursuant to which, among other things, each such Person has
agreed to vote all Brooks Common Stock owned by such Person or over which he
has voting control, in favor of this Agreement and the Merger and irrevocably
granted a proxy, coupled with an interest, to PRI or its designee to vote
such shares of Brooks Common Stock in favor of this Agreement and
the Merger.  SECTION 4.24 CERTAIN TAX MATTERS   To its Knowledge, after
consulting with its independent auditors, neither Brooks nor any of its
Affiliates has taken or agreed to take any action that would prevent the
Merger from constituting a transaction qualifying as a reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Code.   24   SECTION 4.25 COMPLIANCE WITH
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT   Brooks is not an "investment company" as defined in
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.   ARTICLE V.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PRI   Except as disclosed in the PRI SEC
Reports or as set forth on the PRI Disclosure Schedule delivered by PRI to
Brooks prior to the execution of this Agreement and making reference to the
particular subsection of this Agreement to which exception is being taken,
PRI represents and warrants to Brooks as set forth in this Article V. The PRI
Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in sections and paragraphs
corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections and paragraphs contained
in this Article V and the disclosure in any section or paragraph shall
qualify other sections and paragraphs in this Article V only to the extent
that it is reasonably apparent from a reading of such disclosure that it also
qualifies or applies to such other sections and paragraphs.  SECTION 5.1
ORGANIZATION; STANDING AND CORPORATE POWER   (a) Each of PRI and its
Subsidiaries is a corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize
such concept) under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized and
has the requisite corporate or other power, as the case may be, and authority
to carry on its business as now being conducted, except for those
jurisdictions where the failure to be in good standing, individually or in
the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on PRI. Each of PRI
and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in
good standing (with respect to jurisdictions which recognize such concept) in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership,
leasing or operation of its properties makes such qualification or licensing
necessary, except for those jurisdictions where the failure to be
so qualified or licensed or to be in good standing, individually or in
the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on PRI.   (b) PRI
has delivered to Brooks prior to the execution of this Agreement complete and
correct copies of its Organizational Documents, as amended to date.   (c)
Except as set forth in Section 5.1 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, the minute
books of PRI which have been made available to Brooks contain, in
all material respects, accurate records of all meetings and accurately
reflect all other actions taken by the stockholders, the Board of Directors
and all committees of the Board of Directors of PRI since January 1,
1995.  SECTION 5.2 SUBSIDIARIES   Section 5.2 of the PRI Disclosure
Schedule includes all the Subsidiaries of PRI which as of the date of this
Agreement are Significant Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Section 5.2 of
the PRI Disclosure Schedule, all the outstanding shares of capital stock of,
or other equity interests in, each such Significant Subsidiary have been duly
authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and,
except for the PRI Exchangeable Shares, are owned directly or indirectly by
PRI, free and clear of all Encumbrances.  SECTION 5.3 CAPITALIZATION   (a)
The authorized capital stock of PRI consists of 75,000,000 shares of PRI
Common Stock and 400,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share
("PRI PREFERRED STOCK"), of which 10,000 shares have been designated as Class
One Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock (the "PRI CLASS ONE
PREFERRED STOCK"), 250,000 shares have been designated as Series A
Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock (the "PRI SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK")
and one share has been designated as Special Voting Preferred Stock (the "PRI
SPECIAL VOTING SHARE"). At the close of business on October 19, 2001: (i)
25,595,715 shares of PRI Common Stock were issued and outstanding; (ii) no
shares of PRI Common Stock were held by PRI in its treasury or by any
Subsidiaries of PRI; and (iii) the PRI Special Voting Share was issued and
outstanding, and no other shares of PRI Preferred Stock were issued and
outstanding or held by PRI in its treasury or by   25   any Subsidiaries
of PRI. There has been no material change in such capitalization between that
date and the date of this Agreement.   (b) Section 5.3 of the PRI Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list, as of October 19, 2001, of
the number of shares of PRI Common Stock subject to PRI Options or other
rights to purchase or receive PRI Common Stock (other than the PRI Rights),
the dates of grant and exercise prices thereof.   (c) All outstanding
shares of capital stock of PRI are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable and were not issued in violation of any preemptive
rights. All shares of capital stock of PRI which may be issued under the PRI
Options, the PRI Warrants and the PRI Exchangeable Shares are duly authorized
and not subject to preemptive rights, and, upon issuance on the terms and
conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which they are
issuable, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.   (d)
Except as set forth in this Section 5.3 or in Section 5.3 of the
PRI Disclosure Schedule, and except for changes since October 19, 2001
resulting from the issuance of shares of PRI Common Stock pursuant to the PRI
Options and except as necessary to comply with the exchange, redemption or
retraction of PRI Exchangeable Shares: (i) there are not issued, reserved for
issuance or outstanding (A) any shares of capital stock or other voting
securities of PRI, (B) any securities of PRI or any PRI Subsidiary
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock
or voting securities of PRI, or (C) any warrants, calls, options or other
rights to acquire from PRI or any PRI Subsidiary, or any obligation of PRI or
any PRI Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
delivered or sold, any capital stock, voting securities or securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock or voting
securities of PRI; and (ii) there are no obligations, contingent or
otherwise, of PRI or any PRI Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any such securities of PRI or to provide funds to or make
any material investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or
otherwise) in any such Subsidiary or any other entity other than guarantees
of bank obligations of Subsidiaries entered into in the ordinary course of
business. Except as set forth in Section 5.3 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule,
there are not issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding (A) any securities
of PRI or any PRI Subsidiary convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for shares of capital stock or other voting securities or ownership interests
in any PRI Subsidiary, or (B) any warrants, calls, options or other rights to
acquire from PRI or any PRI Subsidiary, or any obligation of PRI or any PRI
Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or
sold, any capital stock, voting securities or other ownership interests in,
or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any
capital stock, voting securities or ownership interests in, any PRI
Subsidiary. Except as set forth in Section 5.3 of the PRI Disclosure
Schedule, there are no obligations, contingent or otherwise, of PRI or any
PRI Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any such securities
of any PRI Subsidiary.   (e) Except as set forth in Section 5.3 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule, neither PRI nor any PRI Subsidiary is a party to any
agreement restricting the transfer of, relating to the voting of, requiring
registration of, or granting any preemptive, or antidilutive rights with
respect to, any securities of the type referred to in paragraph (a), (b) or
(d). Other than the PRI Subsidiaries, except as set forth in Section 5.3 of
the PRI Disclosure Schedule, PRI does not directly or indirectly beneficially
own any securities or other beneficial ownership interests in any other
entity except for non-controlling investments made in the ordinary course of
business in entities which are not individually or in the aggregate material
to PRI and its Subsidiaries as a whole. To the Knowledge of PRI, other than
as set forth in Section 5.3 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule or in connection
with the Ancillary Agreements, there are no voting trusts, proxies or other
voting agreements or understandings with respect to the shares of capital
stock of PRI.  SECTION 5.4 AUTHORIZATION OF TRANSACTION   PRI has all
requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement
and any Ancillary Agreements delivered pursuant to this Agreement, to perform
its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. Subject to the adoption of this Agreement
and the approval of the Merger by a majority of the outstanding shares of PRI
Common Stock and PRI Exchangeable Shares entitled to vote on this Agreement
and the Merger (voting together as a single class) (collectively, the "PRI
STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL") and the approval of the holders of the PRI  
26   Exchangeable Shares of the matters described in Section 9.2(d) and
9.3(d) or, if the holders of the PRI Exchangeable Shares do not approve the
matters submitted for a vote at the meeting of such holders as described in
Section 8.1(a), the redemption of the PRI Exchangeable Shares or the exercise
of the Redemption Call Right of PRI Subco as described in Section 9.2(d) and
9.3(d), all necessary action, corporate or otherwise, has been taken by PRI
to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
each of the Ancillary Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby. The Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements have been duly executed
and delivered by PRI and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of
PRI, enforceable against PRI in accordance with their respective terms,
except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors\' rights generally, and
(ii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the
discretion of the court before which any Proceeding therefor may be
brought.  SECTION 5.5 NO CONFLICT OF TRANSACTION WITH OBLIGATIONS AND
LAWS   (a) Except as set forth in Section 5.5 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule
and subject to compliance with the requirements of paragraph (b) below, and
subject to obtaining the approval of the holders of the PRI Exchangeable
Shares of the matters described in Section 9.2(d) and 9.3(d), none of the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby, will: (i) constitute a breach or violation of the Organizational
Documents of PRI or any Significant Subsidiary; (ii) require any Order,
consent, waiver, exemption, approval or authorization of, declaration, filing
or registration with, or giving of notice to, any Governmental Authority;
(iii) constitute (with or without the passage of time or the giving of
notice) a breach of, or default under, any debt instrument to which PRI or
any Significant Subsidiary is a party, or give any person the right to
accelerate any indebtedness or terminate, modify or cancel any right with
respect to any indebtedness; (iv) constitute (with or without the passage of
time or giving of notice) a default (or give rise to a right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or loss of any material
benefit) under or breach of in any material respect any other agreement,
instrument or obligation to which PRI or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which PRI or any Subsidiary or any of their assets are bound; (v) result in
the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the assets of PRI or
any Subsidiary; (vi) result in a violation of any Law applicable to PRI or
any Subsidiary, or their businesses or assets; or (vii) invalidate or
adversely affect any material Governmental Permit used in PRI\'s or any
Subsidiary\'s business, except in the case of clauses (iii), (iv) and (v),
such conflicts, breaches or defaults as will not have a Material Adverse
Effect on PRI. Except as set forth in Section 5.5 of the PRI Disclosure
Schedule, none of the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby will give rise to a right of any party (other
than PRI or any Subsidiary) to terminate, modify or cancel any contract,
agreement or other instrument required to be disclosed in the PRI Disclosure
Schedule or disclosed in the PRI SEC Reports.   (b) The consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and by the Ancillary Agreements requires:
(1) the filing of a pre-merger notification and report form by PRI under the
HSR Act and any other documents or information requested by the United States
Department of Justice or the United States Federal Trade Commission in
connection therewith; (2) the filing of similar notifications, applications,
documents and information with anti-competition authorities of foreign
jurisdictions; (3) the filing with the SEC of (A) a proxy statement relating
to the PRI Stockholders Meeting as part of the Joint Proxy Statement/
Prospectus, and (B) such reports under Section 13(a)or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, as may be required in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby; (4) the filing with the applicable
Canadian Regulators of the foregoing filings with the SEC; as supplemented by
applicable rules and policy statements; (5) receipt of the Amended MRRS
Decision Document on or before Closing, (6) if appropriate exemptions are not
available, the filing of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus pursuant to and
in accordance with the MJDS Policy of the Canadian Regulators; (7) either (A)
the approval of the holders of the PRI Exchangeable Shares of the matters
described in Section 9.2(d) and 9.3(d) and the dissemination and filing with
the appropriate Canadian securities regulatory authorities and The Toronto
Stock Exchange of a proxy circular in connection with the meeting of the
holders of the PRI Exchangeable Shares described in  27   Section 8.1(a),
or (B) if the holders of the PRI Exchangeable Shares do not approve the
matters submitted for a vote at the meeting of such holders as described in
Section 8.1(a), the redemption of the PRI Exchangeable Shares or the exercise
of the Redemption Call Right of PRI Subco as described in Section 9.2(d) and
9.3(d); (8) approval by the Toronto Stock Exchange of the Amended Canadian
Articles and the listing of the PRI Exchangeable Shares or any exchangeable
shares issued in place thereof; (9) the filing of the Articles of Merger with
the Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and appropriate
documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which PRI is
qualified to do business; (10) such filings with Governmental Authorities
as are necessary to satisfy the applicable requirements of state or
provincial securities or "blue sky" laws; and (11) such other consents,
waivers, exemptions, declarations, filings, registrations, notices,
approvals, Orders or authorizations the failure of which to be made or
obtained individually or in the aggregate would not (x) have a Material
Adverse Effect on PRI or (y) reasonably be expected to impair the ability of
PRI to perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Ancillary
Agreements.  SECTION 5.6 PRESENT COMPLIANCE WITH OBLIGATIONS AND LAWS  
Except as set forth in Section 5.6 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule,
neither PRI nor any Subsidiary is: (a) in violation of its Organizational
Documents; (b) in default in any material respect in the performance of any
obligation, agreement or condition of any debt instrument that (with or
without the passage of time or the giving of notice) affords to any person
the right to accelerate any indebtedness or terminate any right; (c) in
default of or in breach of in any material respect (with or without the
passage of time or the giving of notice) any other contract to which it is a
party or by which it or its assets are bound, except for such defaults or
breaches that will not singly or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse
Effect on PRI; or (d) in violation of any Order or Governmental Permit that
is held by PRI or any Subsidiary applicable to any of them or their
respective businesses or assets. Except as set forth in Section 5.6 of the
PRI Disclosure Schedule, PRI and the Subsidiaries have conducted and are now
conducting their businesses and the ownership and operation of their assets
in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws, including,
without limitation, the Clayton Act, the Sherman Act, the Federal Trade
Commission Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and all Environmental
Laws.  SECTION 5.7 PRI SEC REPORTS   (a) PRI has filed all registration
statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
documents (including exhibits and all other information incorporated therein)
required to be filed with the SEC for the period commencing October 1, 1996
(the "PRI SEC REPORTS"). As of their respective dates, the PRI SEC Reports
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act, or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such PRI SEC Reports, and
none of the PRI SEC Reports when filed (or, if amended or superseded by a
filing before the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing)
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   (b) The financial statements of PRI included in the PRI
SEC Reports (including any related notes) complied as to form, as of their
respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of
the SEC with respect thereto, were prepared in accordance with GAAP (except,
in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q or Form 8-K,
as applicable, of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present
the consolidated financial position of PRI and its consolidated subsidiaries
as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and
cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal and recurring year-end audit adjustments (which were
not and are not expected to be material in amount) and except that, in the
case of financial statements included therein which were later restated to
account for one or more business   28   combinations accounted for as
poolings-of-interest, such original financial statements do not reflect such
restatements).   (c) Except as set forth in Section 5.7 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule, PRI or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, (i) owns all
right, title and interest in and to each of the material assets shown or
reflected on the balance sheet included in the Form 10-Q for the nine months
ended July 1, 2001 filed by PRI (the "PRI LATEST FORM 10-Q") (except where
such assets have been sold in the ordinary course of business since July 1,
2001), free and clear of all Encumbrances (other than Permitted
Encumbrances), or (ii) licenses, leases or otherwise possesses legally valid
and enforceable rights to use each of such assets, and, in each case of
clause (i) and (ii) PRI and its Subsidiaries may transfer such rights as are
contemplated by this Agreement.  SECTION 5.8 INFORMATION SUPPLIED   (a)
None of the information supplied or to be supplied by PRI specifically for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the Registration
Statement will, at the time the Registration Statement becomes effective
under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading or (ii) the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will,
at the date it is first mailed to stockholders of PRI or Brooks or at the
time of the PRI Stockholders Meeting or the Brooks Stockholders Meeting,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading or omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any
statement in any earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of
proxies for the PRI Stockholders Meeting or the Brooks Stockholders Meeting
which has become false or misleading.   (b) The Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in all material respects with the
requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder,
except that no representation or warranty is made by PRI with respect to
statements made, omitted or incorporated by reference therein based on
information supplied by Brooks specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus.  SECTION 5.9 ABSENCE OF
UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES   Neither PRI nor any Subsidiary has any liabilities
of any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise (including
without limitation liabilities as guarantor or otherwise with respect to
obligations of others, or liabilities for Taxes due or then accrued or to
become due), except: (a) liabilities stated or adequately reserved against on
the balance sheet included in the PRI Latest Form 10-Q, (b) liabilities
incurred since July 1, 2001 in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices, (c) liabilities disclosed on Schedule 5.9 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule, and (d) other liabilities not in excess of $15 million
in the aggregate. Except as set forth in Section 5.9 of the PRI Disclosure
Schedule, to the Knowledge of PRI, there is no fact that will have a Material
Adverse Effect on PRI which has not been specifically disclosed herein or in
a schedule hereto.  SECTION 5.10 ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES   Except as
set forth in Section 5.10 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, since July 1, 2001,
PRI and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses only in the ordinary
course of business, consistent with prior practices and, whether or not in
the ordinary course of business, there has not been any Material
Adverse Change with respect to PRI. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, except as set forth in Section 5.10 of the PRI Disclosure
Schedule, since July 1, 2001 there has not been:   (a) any amendment to the
Organizational Documents of PRI or any  Subsidiary;   (b) any material
contingent liability incurred by PRI or any of its  Subsidiaries as guarantor
or otherwise with respect to the obligations of  others;   29    (c) any
material Encumbrance placed on any of the properties of PRI or  any
Subsidiary which remains in existence on the date hereof;   (d) any material
obligation or liability incurred by PRI or any of its  Subsidiaries other
than obligations and liabilities incurred in the  ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice (none of which is  a claim for breach of
contract, breach of duty, breach of warranty, tort or  infringement of an
intellectual property right);   (e) any sale or other disposition, or any
agreement or other arrangement  for the sale or other disposition, of any
material properties or assets of  PRI or any of its Subsidiaries other than
in the ordinary course of  business;   (f) any declaration, setting aside
or payment of any dividend on, or the  making of any other distribution in
respect of, the capital stock of PRI,  or any direct or indirect redemption,
purchase or other acquisition by PRI  of its capital stock;   (g) any
material change in the compensation or other amounts payable or  to become
payable by PRI or any of its Subsidiaries to any of its officers  except
changes in the ordinary course of business consistent with past  practices;
or any material change in any bonus, pension or profit sharing  payment,
entitlement or arrangement made to or with any of such officers  except
changes in the ordinary course of business consistent with past  practices;
or any grant of any loans or severance or termination pay to  such officers;
or   (h) any change in the employment status of the executive officers of 
PRI.  SECTION 5.11 PAYMENT OF TAXES   Except as set forth in Section 5.11
of the PRI Disclosure Schedule:   (a) Each of PRI and its Subsidiaries has
duly and timely filed all Tax  Returns that they were required to file,
except where the failure to file  would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
All of such Tax Returns were  complete and correct in all material respects.
All Taxes shown to be due on  such Tax Returns have been paid or are being
contested in good faith by PRI  and such contest is being diligently pursued,
all of which contested Taxes  are listed in Section 5.11 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule. With respect to  all other Taxes for which no Tax Return
is required or which have not yet  accrued or otherwise become due, adequate
provision has been made in the  financial statements included in the SEC
Reports. The provisions for Taxes  reflected in the above-mentioned financial
statements are adequate to cover  any Tax liabilities of PRI and its
Subsidiaries in respect of their  business, properties and operations during
the periods covered by said  financial statements and all prior periods. All
material Taxes and other  assessments and levies that PRI or any Subsidiary
of PRI was required to  withhold or collect have been withheld or collected
and paid over or will  be paid over to proper governmental authorities as
required. None of PRI  and its Subsidiaries currently is the beneficiary of
any extension of time  within which to file any Tax Return.   (b) No
material deficiencies have been asserted or assessments made  against PRI or
any Subsidiary of PRI, nor is any Tax Authority now  asserting or, to the
Knowledge of PRI, threatening to assert against PRI or  any Subsidiary of PRI
any material deficiency or claim for additional Taxes  or interest thereon or
penalties in connection therewith.   (c) Neither PRI nor any of its
Subsidiaries has waived any statute of  limitations with respect to Taxes or
agreed to an extension of time with  respect to a Tax assessment or
deficiency, which waiver or extension  currently remains in effect.   (d)
Neither PRI nor any of its Subsidiaries is a "consenting  corporation" within
the meaning of Section 341(f) of the Code, and none of  the assets of PRI or
its Subsidiaries are subject to an election under  Section 341(f) of the
Code.   30    (e) Neither PRI nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a
United States  real property holding corporation within the meaning of
Section 897(c)(2)  of the Code during the applicable period specified in
Section  897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.   (f) Neither PRI nor any of its
Subsidiaries has made any material  payment, is obligated to make any
material payment, or is a party to any  agreement that under certain
circumstances could obligate it to make any  material payment that will not
be deductible under Section 280G of the  Code.   (g) Neither PRI nor any of
its Subsidiaries has any actual or potential  liability for any Taxes of any
person (other than any of PRI and its  Subsidiaries) under Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar  provision of federal, state,
local or foreign law), or as a transferee or  successor, by contract, or
otherwise.   (h) Neither PRI nor any of its Subsidiaries has undergone a
change in  its method of accounting resulting in an adjustment to its taxable
income  pursuant to Section 481 of the Code.   (i) As of the end of PRI\'s
most recent taxable year, none of the net  operating loss carryovers, capital
loss carryovers, credit carryovers, or  other tax attributes of PRI or its
Subsidiaries are subject to limitation  under sections 382 or 383 of the Code
or to separate return year  limitations under the applicable consolidated
return provisions of the  Treasury Regulations.  SECTION 5.12 CERTAIN
CONTRACTS   (a) Except as set forth in the PRI SEC Reports or in Section
5.12 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, neither PRI nor any of its Subsidiaries
is a party to or bound by (i) any "material contract" (as such term is
defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC), (ii) any non-
competition agreement or any other agreement or obligation which purports to
limit in any material respect the manner in which, or the localities in
which, all or any material portion of the business of PRI and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, has been, or the business of Brooks and its
Subsidiaries after the Merger will be, conducted, or (iii) any contract or
other agreement which would by its terms prohibit or materially delay the
consummation of the Merger or any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (all contracts of the type described in clauses (i) and (ii) being
referred to herein as "PRI MATERIAL CONTRACTS").   (b) Except as set forth
in Section 5.12 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, each PRI Material Contract is
valid and binding on PRI (or, to the extent a PRI Subsidiary is a party, such
Subsidiary) and is in full force and effect, and PRI and each PRI Subsidiary
and to PRI\'s Knowledge each other party thereto have in all material
respects performed all obligations required to be performed by them to date
under each PRI Material Contract, except where such
noncompliance, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on PRI. Except as set forth in Section 5.12 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule, neither PRI nor any PRI Subsidiary Knows of, or has
received notice of, any violation or default under (nor, to the Knowledge of
PRI, does there exist any condition which with the passage of time or the
giving of notice or both would result in such a violation or default under)
any PRI Material Contract by PRI.  SECTION 5.13 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   (a)
Except as set forth in the PRI SEC Reports or in Section 5.13 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule, neither PRI nor any Subsidiary has received notice
of, nor to its Knowledge does there exist, any Proceeding that has been
commenced by or against PRI or any Subsidiary or any of the officers,
directors, former officers or directors, employees, shareholders or agents of
either PRI or any Subsidiary (in their capacities as such) or that otherwise
relates to the business of, or any of the assets or properties owned or used
by, any of them which, if determined adversely, would have a Material Adverse
Effect on PRI, nor, to the Knowledge of PRI, are there any facts which could
reasonably be expected to lead to such a Proceeding.   (b) There is no
Proceeding that challenges, or that may have the effect of preventing,
delaying, making illegal, or otherwise interfering with, any of
the transactions contemplated hereby or by any of the Ancillary
Agreements.   31   SECTION 5.14 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   (a) Except for the
Employee Benefit Plans listed on Section 5.14 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule,
neither PRI nor any Subsidiary nor any ERISA Affiliate of any of them
maintains, has an obligation to contribute to, or has any actual
or contingent liability with respect to, any Employee Benefit Plan. PRI and
its Subsidiaries will deliver to Brooks or its counsel within 15 days after
the date hereof true and complete copies of (i) plan instruments and
amendments thereto for all Employee Benefit Plans required to be listed on
Section 5.14 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule (or written summaries of any such
Employee Benefit Plans that are unwritten) and related trust agreements,
insurance and other contracts, summary plan descriptions, and summaries of
material modifications, and material communications distributed to the
participants of each such Employee Benefit Plan, (ii) to the extent annual
reports on Form 5500 are required with respect to any such Employee Benefit
Plan, the three most recent annual reports and attached schedules for each
such Employee Benefit Plan as to which such report is required to be filed,
(iii) where applicable, the most recent (A) opinion, notification and
determination letters, (B) audited financial statements, (C) actuarial
valuation reports and (D) nondiscrimination tests performed under the Code
(including Section 401(k) and 401(m) tests) for each such Employee
Benefit Plan, and (iv) all contracts with third party administrators,
investment managers, actuaries, consultants, vendors or insurance or mutual
fund companies.   (b) Except as set forth on Section 5.14 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule, neither PRI nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their
ERISA Affiliates maintains or has ever maintained or contributed to an
Employee Benefit Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA (including a multiemployer
plan as defined in ERISA Section 3(37) and no facts exist under which any of
them could incur any liability under Title IV of ERISA.   (c) With respect
to each Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on Section 5.14 of the
PRI Disclosure Schedule, (i) no party in interest or disqualified person (as
defined in Section 3(14) of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, respectively)
has at any time engaged in a transaction which could subject PRI, Brooks or
any of their Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates, directly or indirectly, to a
Tax, penalty or liability for prohibited transactions imposed by ERISA
Section 406 or Code Section 4975 and (ii) no fiduciary (as defined in Section
3(21) of ERISA) with respect to any such Employee Benefit Plan, for whose
conduct PRI, Brooks or any of their Subsidiaries could have any liability (by
reason of indemnities or otherwise), has breached any of the responsibilities
or obligations imposed upon the fiduciary under Title I of ERISA.   (d)
Each Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on Section 5.14 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule which is a "welfare plan" within the meaning of
Section 3(1) of ERISA and which provides health, disability or death benefits
is fully insured and does not utilize a trust intended to be exempt from Tax
pursuant to Section 501 of the Code and neither PRI nor any Subsidiary is
obligated to directly pay any such benefits or to reimburse any third Person
payor for the payment of such benefits.   (e) Each Employee Benefit Plan
required to be listed on Section 5.14 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule which is
a Pension Plan and which is subject to Sections 201, 301 or 401 of ERISA has
received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service
covering all amendments required by the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and prior
legislation and there are no circumstances that are likely to result in
revocation of any such favorable determination letter. Except as noted on
Section 5.14 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, no Pension Plan has assets
other than securities listed on a public exchange, public stock market,
mutual fund shares registered under federal law, publicly traded debt or
government debt instruments, or participant loans extended in accordance with
its terms. Each Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on Section 5.14
of the PRI Disclosure Schedule is and has been operated in material
compliance with its terms and all applicable Laws and Orders currently in
effect with respect thereto, and by its terms can be amended and/or
terminated at any time.   (f) Except as set forth on Section 5.14 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule with respect to each Employee Benefit Plan required to be
listed on Section 5.14 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, no event or omission
has occurred, and there exists no condition, claim, or set of circumstances
in connection with which PRI or any of its Subsidiaries could be subject to
any liability, loss, damage, Tax, penalty or expense.   32    (g) Except
as set forth in Section 5.14 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by PRI, the performance by PRI of
its obligations hereunder and consummation by PRI of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not, alone or together with any other
event, (i) entitle any employee or former employee of PRI or any of its
Subsidiaries to any payment, (ii) result in an increase in the amount of
compensation or benefits or accelerate the vesting or timing of payment of
any benefits or compensation, including but not limited to stock options or
benefits under any deferred compensation plan, payable in respect of any
employee or former employee of PRI or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii)
result in any parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, whether or
not such payment is considered reasonable compensation for services
rendered.   (h) PRI and its Subsidiaries will take all actions within their
control to ensure that all actions required to be taken by a fiduciary of any
Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on Section 5.14 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule in order to effectuate the transaction contemplated by
this Agreement shall comply with the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan,
ERISA and other applicable Laws.   (i) Except as set forth in Section 5.14
of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, no Employee Benefit Plan required to be
listed on Section 5.14 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule provides benefits,
including without limitation death or medical benefits (through insurance or
otherwise), with respect to any employee or former employee of PRI or any of
its Subsidiaries beyond their retirement or other termination of service,
other than (i) continuation or other coverage mandated by applicable Law,
(ii) retirement or death benefits under any Pension Plan disclosed on Section
5.14 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, (iii) disability benefits under any
welfare plan that have been fully provided for by insurance or otherwise,
(iv) deferred compensation benefits accrued as liabilities on
the consolidated books of PRI or (v) benefits in the nature of severance
pay.   (j) No Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on Section 5.14 of
the PRI Disclosure Schedule is a "multiple employer plan" as described in
Section 3(40) of ERISA or Section 413(c) of the Code.   (k) Neither PRI nor
any of its Subsidiaries has proposed, agreed to or announced any changes to
any Employee Benefit Plan required to be listed on Section 5.14 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule that would cause an increase in benefits under any such
Employee Benefit Plan (or the creation of new benefits or plans) or to change
any employee coverage which would cause an increase in the expense of
maintaining any such plan, except as required by amendments to Section 401(a)
of the Code.   (l) Other than claims for benefits submitted by participants
or beneficiaries in the ordinary course, no claim against, investigation or
request for information, or Proceeding involving any Employee Benefit Plan
required to be listed in Section 5.14 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule is
pending or, to the Knowledge of PRI, threatened.  SECTION 5.15 INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY   (a) As used herein, the term "PRI INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSETS"
shall mean all worldwide intellectual property rights which are material to
the conduct of the business of PRI or one of its Subsidiaries as it is
currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted by PRI or any of its
Subsidiaries, including without limitation in both cases: (A) all trademarks,
service marks, trade names, common law trademarks, business names, Internet
domain names, trade dress, slogans, and the goodwill associated therewith,
and all registrations or applications therefor (collectively, "PRI MARKS");
(B) all patents and patent applications (collectively, "PRI PATENTS"); (C)
all copyrights in both published works and unpublished works, including
training manuals, marketing and promotional materials, internal reports,
business plans and any other expressions, mask works and software, firmware
and videos, whether registered or unregistered, and all registrations or
applications in connection therewith (collectively, "PRI COPYRIGHTS"); and
(D) information which is considered to be secret, confidential and
proprietary, including all trade secrets, know-how, confidential information,
customer lists, technical information, proprietary information, technologies,
processes and formulae, source code, object code, library functions, flow
charts, algorithms, architecture, structure, display screens and development
tools, data, plans, drawings and blue prints, whether tangible or intangible
and whether stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically,
photographically, or otherwise (collectively, "PRI SECRET INFORMATION"). 
33    (b) Except as set forth in Section 5.15 of the PRI Disclosure
Schedule, PRI or one of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, (i) owns all right,
title and interest in and to each of the PRI Intellectual Property Assets,
free and clear of all Encumbrances, or (ii) licenses or otherwise possesses
legally valid and enforceable rights to use each of the PRI Intellectual
Property Assets, and, in each case of clause (i) or (ii) PRI and its
Subsidiaries may effect such transfer of such rights, if any, as is
contemplated by this Agreement. PRI and its Subsidiaries have made all
necessary filings and recordations to protect and maintain their interests in
the PRI Intellectual Property Assets except where the failure to make such
filings or recordation would not have a Material Adverse Effect on PRI.  
(c) Except as set forth in Section 5.15 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, (i) a
true, correct and complete list of all PRI Patents (excluding
patent applications) owned by PRI or any of its Subsidiaries is set forth in
Section 5.15 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule; (ii) to the Knowledge of PRI all
PRI Patents owned by PRI or any of its Subsidiaries are valid and subsisting
and all maintenance fees, annuities and the like required to be paid before
the date hereof have been paid; (iii) to the Knowledge of PRI, none of the
issued PRI Patents is infringed; (iv) to the Knowledge of PRI the validity
or enforceability of the PRI Patents has not been challenged or threatened in
any way by any Person; and (v) no Person has notified PRI in writing that any
of the products or technology used, sold, offered for sale or licensed or
proposed for use, sale, offer for sale or license by PRI or any of its
Subsidiaries infringes any rights of any Person.   (d) A true, correct and
complete list of all registered PRI Marks owned by PRI or any of its
Subsidiaries is set forth on Section 5.15 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule;
(ii) to the Knowledge of PRI, all PRI Marks owned by PRI or any of its
Subsidiaries are valid and subsisting; (iii) to the Knowledge of PRI, none of
the PRI Marks is infringed or diluted, (iv) to the Knowledge of PRI, none of
the PRI Marks owned by PRI or any of its Subsidiaries has been opposed or
challenged, and, to the Knowledge of PRI, no claims exist against the use
by PRI or any of its Subsidiaries of any PRI Marks; and (v) to the Knowledge
of PRI all uses of registered PRI Marks are in conformance with applicable
statutory and common law so as not to compromise the strength, good will, and
integrity of the PRI Marks.   (e) A true, correct and complete list of all
presently registered PRI Copyrights owned by PRI or any of its Subsidiaries
is set forth on Section 5.15 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule; (ii) to the
Knowledge of PRI, all the PRI Copyrights owned by PRI or any of its
Subsidiaries which are material to the consolidated business, whether or not
registered, are valid and enforceable; (iii) to the Knowledge of PRI, none of
the PRI Copyrights is infringed or has been challenged or threatened in any
way; and (iv) to the Knowledge of PRI, no claims exist against the use by PRI
or any of its Subsidiaries of any writings or other expressions used in the
business of PRI or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or as
proposed to be conducted.   (f) PRI and its Subsidiaries have taken
reasonable measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of
their PRI Secret Information. To the Knowledge of PRI, the PRI Secret
Information has not been used, divulged or appropriated for the benefit of
any Person (other than PRI or any of its Subsidiaries). To the Knowledge of
PRI, none of the PRI Secret Information is subject to any material adverse
claim. Reasonably appropriate policies are in place to protect the continued
secrecy, confidentiality and value of the PRI Secret Information.   (g) To
the Knowledge of PRI, no PRI Intellectual Property Asset is subject to any
outstanding Order, Proceeding (other than pending Proceedings pertaining to
applications for patent, trademark or copyright registration), or
stipulation restricting in any manner the licensing thereof by PRI or any of
its Subsidiaries. Neither PRI nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into
any agreement to indemnify any other person against any charge of
infringement of the intellectual property rights of any other Person, other
than indemnification as part of the sale or licensing of the products of PRI
and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business.   (h) To the
Knowledge of PRI, all employees, contractors, agents and consultants of PRI
or any of its Subsidiaries who are involved in the creation of PRI
Intellectual Property Assets or who have access to PRI Secret
Information have executed a nondisclosure and assignment of inventions
agreement to protect the confidentiality and to vest in PRI or any of its
Subsidiaries exclusive ownership of PRI Intellectual Property Assets, except
where the failure to have executed such an agreement will not have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of PRI, neither PRI nor any of its
Subsidiaries has written or oral agreements with any   34   employees,
contractors, agents or consultants with respect to the ownership
of inventions, trade secrets or other works as a result of which any such
employee, contractor, agent or consultant may have rights to any material
portion of the PRI Intellectual Property Assets.   (i) To the Knowledge of
PRI, no officer, employee, contractor, agent or consultant of PRI or any of
its Subsidiaries is in violation of any term of any employment contract,
patent disclosure agreement, proprietary information agreement,
noncompetition agreement, nonsolicitation agreement,
confidentiality agreement, or any other similar contract or agreement or any
restrictive covenant, in each case relating to the right of any such officer,
employee, contractor, agent or consultant to be employed or engaged by PRI or
any of its Subsidiaries because of the nature of the business conducted or to
be conducted by it or relating to the use of trade secrets or proprietary
information of others, and to PRI\'s Knowledge and belief, the continued
employment or retention of its officers, employees, contractors, agents or
consultants does not subject PRI or any of its Subsidiaries to any material
liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters.  SECTION 5.16
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS   (a) To the Knowledge of PRI, each of PRI and its
Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with applicable
Environmental Laws, which compliance includes, but is not limited to, the
possession by each of all Governmental Permits required by any Governmental
Authority to operate its business or under applicable Environmental Laws, and
compliance in all material respects with the terms and conditions thereof.
Neither PRI nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of, nor, to the
Knowledge of PRI, is any predecessor of any of them the subject of, any
Environmental Claim or Remedial Action. To the Knowledge of PRI, PRI and its
Subsidiaries have no material Environmental, Health and Safety Liabilities.
To the Knowledge of PRI, there are no circumstances or conditions related to
PRI or any of its Subsidiaries, their operations or Facilities that are
reasonably likely to prevent or interfere with such compliance or give rise
to an Environmental Claim or Remedial Action in the future.   (b) There are
no Environmental Claims that are pending or, to the Knowledge of PRI,
threatened against PRI or any of its Subsidiaries or against any Person whose
liability for any Environmental Claim PRI or any of its Subsidiaries
has retained or assumed either contractually or by operation of Law.   (c)
To the Knowledge of PRI, neither PRI nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any
other Person acting on behalf of any of them, has disposed of,
transported, stored, or arranged for the disposal of any Hazardous Materials
to, at or upon: (i) any location other than a site lawfully permitted to
receive such Hazardous Materials; (ii) any Facilities except for the use of
household cleaners and office products in the ordinary course of business in
compliance with applicable Environmental Laws; or (iii) any site which,
pursuant to CERCLA or any similar state Law, has been placed on the National
Priorities List, CERCLIS or their state equivalents. To the Knowledge of PRI,
there has not occurred during the period PRI or any of its Subsidiaries
operated or possessed any Facility, nor is there presently occurring, a
Release, or threatened Release, of any Hazardous Materials on, into or
beneath the surface of, or adjacent to, any Facilities except for the use of
household cleaners and office products in the ordinary course of business in
material compliance with applicable Environmental Laws.  SECTION 5.17 LABOR
MATTERS   Neither PRI nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or otherwise
bound by any collective bargaining agreement, contract or other agreement
or understanding with a labor union or labor organization. Neither PRI nor
any of its Subsidiaries is the subject of any Proceeding of which PRI or any
Subsidiary has received written notice or is otherwise aware asserting that
PRI or any of its Subsidiaries has committed an unfair labor practice or is
seeking to compel it to bargain with any labor union or labor organization
that, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to have a PRI
Material Adverse Effect, nor is there pending or, to the Knowledge of PRI,
threatened, any labor strike, dispute, walkout, work stoppage or lockout
involving PRI or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the
aggregate, is reasonably likely to have a PRI Material Adverse Effect.  
35   SECTION 5.18 BROKERS   No broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other person other than Morgan Stanley Dean Witter (the fees and
expenses of which will be paid by PRI), is entitled to any broker\'s,
finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee, commission or payment
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of PRI. PRI has furnished to Brooks true
and complete copies of all agreements under which any such fees, commissions
or payments are payable and all indemnification and other agreements related
to the engagement of the persons to whom such fees, commissions or payments
are payable.  SECTION 5.19 OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR   The Board of
Directors of PRI has received the oral opinion of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter
on the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of such date, the
Exchange Ratio for the conversion of PRI Common Stock into Brooks Common
Stock is fair from a financial point of view to holders of shares of
PRI Common Stock, and PRI has received the oral undertaking of Morgan Stanley
Dean Witter to deliver to Brooks solely for informational purposes promptly
after delivery thereof to PRI, a signed, written opinion to that effect, it
being understood and agreed by Brooks that such opinion is for the benefit of
the Board of Directors of PRI and may not be relied upon by Brooks, its
Affiliates or any of their respective stockholders.  SECTION 5.20 OWNERSHIP
OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK   Except as set forth in Section 5.20 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, neither PRI nor, to its Knowledge
without independent investigation, any of its Affiliates, (i) beneficially
owns (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or
indirectly, or (ii) is party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of, in each case,
shares of capital stock of Brooks.  SECTION 5.21 ANTITAKEOVER LAWS   No
"fair price," "business combination," "moratorium," "control
share acquisition" or other form of antitakeover statute or regulation,
including, without limitation, Chapter 110C of the General Laws of The
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, is or will be applicable to the execution,
delivery or performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger
or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  SECTION 5.22
RIGHTS AGREEMENT   Immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement, PRI
has (a) duly entered into an appropriate amendment to the PRI Rights Plan,
which amendment has been provided to Brooks, and approved by the Board of
Directors of PRI and (b) taken all other action necessary or appropriate so
that the entering into of this Agreement by PRI and the entering into of the
Voting Agreements by the stockholders of PRI specified in Section 5.23 of
this Agreement does not and will not result in the ability of any Person to
exercise any PRI Rights under the PRI Rights Plan or enable or require the
PRI Rights issued thereunder to separate from the shares of PRI Common Stock
to which they are attached or to be triggered or become
exercisable.  SECTION 5.23 PRI ACTION   PRI has obtained and delivered to
Brooks a duly executed Voting Agreement of Mordechai Wiesler, Mitchell G.
Tyson, Cosmo S. Trapani, Amram Rasiel, Boruch B. Frusztajer, Alexander V.
d\'Arbeloff and Kenneth M. Thompson substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit 5.23A pursuant to which among other things each such Person has
agreed to vote all PRI Common Stock owned by such Person or over which he has
voting control, in favor of this Agreement and the Merger and irrevocably
granted a proxy, coupled with an interest, to Brooks or its designee to vote
such shares of PRI Common Stock in favor of this Agreement and the Merger.
Mitchell G. Tyson has entered into and delivered the Employment Agreement
with Brooks in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 5.23B.   36   SECTION
5.24 PRODUCT WARRANTIES; PRODUCT LIABILITY   Section 5.24 of the PRI
Disclosure Schedule sets forth the aggregate expenses incurred by PRI\'s
customer support and service center in fulfilling its obligations under its
guaranty, warranty and right of return provisions during the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2000, and PRI has no reason to believe that such expenses
will significantly increase as a percentage of sales in the future. Except as
set forth in Section 5.24 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule, no claim has been
asserted against PRI or any of its Subsidiaries since October 1, 1999 for
renegotiation or price redetermination of any completed
business transaction.  SECTION 5.25 CERTAIN TAX MATTERS   To its
Knowledge, after consulting with its independent auditors, neither PRI nor
any of its Affiliates has taken or agreed to take any action that would (i)
prevent the Merger from constituting a transaction qualifying as
a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code or (ii) interfere with
Brooks\' ability to continue to account for any past acquisition as a pooling
of interests, if such acquisition was accounted for as a pooling of
interests.  SECTION 5.26 COMPLIANCE WITH INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT   PRI is
not an "investment company" as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended.   ARTICLE VI. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES RELATED TO  BROOKS
MERGER SUB   Brooks and Brooks Merger Sub hereby, jointly and severally,
represent and warrant to PRI that the representations and warranties in this
Article VI are true and correct.  SECTION 6.1 ORGANIZATION   Brooks
Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts with
full corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to conduct its business in the manner and in the places where such
properties are owned or leased or such business is conducted by it. Brooks
owns all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Brooks Merger
Sub.  SECTION 6.2 CAPITALIZATION   The authorized capital stock of Brooks
Merger Sub consists of 200,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share (the "BROOKS MERGER SUB COMMON STOCK"), of which 100 shares are issued
and outstanding, all of which have been duly authorized and are validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and held by Brooks, and no shares of
Brooks Merger Sub Common Stock are held in the treasury of Brooks Merger Sub.
Other than as contained in this Agreement, there are no authorized or
outstanding options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments or other agreements
of any character to which Brooks Merger Sub is a party or by which it is
bound requiring it to issue, transfer, sell, purchase, redeem or acquire
any shares of capital stock or any securities or rights convertible
into, exchangeable for, or evidencing the right to subscribe for or acquire,
any shares of capital stock of Brooks Merger Sub.  SECTION 6.3
AUTHORIZATION OF TRANSACTION   Brooks Merger Sub has all requisite power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements
to which it is a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder
and to consummate the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Agreements to which it is a party, the performance of this Agreement and the
Ancillary Agreements and the consummation by Brooks Merger Sub of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Brooks Merger
Sub. This Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Brooks Merger Sub
is a party   37   have been duly and validly executed and delivered by
Brooks Merger Sub and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of
Brooks Merger Sub, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective
terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors\' rights
generally, and (ii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and
to the discretion of the court before which any Proceeding therefor may be
brought.   ARTICLE VII. COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS  SECTION
7.1 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY BROOKS   (a) Except as otherwise expressly
contemplated by this Agreement, or as consented to by PRI in writing (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), during the period from
the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, Brooks shall, and shall
cause its Subsidiaries to, carry on their respective businesses in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice and in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable Laws and, to the extent consistent
therewith, use all reasonable efforts to preserve intact their current
business organizations, use reasonable efforts to keep available the services
of their current officers and other key employees and preserve
their relationships with those persons having business dealings with them to
the end that their goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the
Effective Time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing (but subject
to the above exceptions), during the period from the date of this Agreement
to the Effective Time, Brooks shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to:   (i) other than dividends and distributions by a direct or
indirect  wholly owned Subsidiary of Brooks to its parent, or by a Subsidiary
that is  partially owned by Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that
Brooks  or any such Subsidiary receives or is to receive its proportionate
share  thereof, (A) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, make any
other  distributions in respect of, or enter into any agreement with respect
to  the voting of, any of its capital stock, (B) split, combine or
reclassify  any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of
any other  securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares
of its  capital stock, except for issuances of Brooks Common Stock upon the 
exercise of Brooks Options or Brooks Warrants which are either outstanding 
as of the date hereof in accordance with their present terms, including 
cashless exercise, or are permitted to be issued pursuant to Section 
7.1(a)(ii) hereof, or (C) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares 
of capital stock of Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries or any other 
securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such 
securities (except the deemed acceptance of shares of Brooks Common Stock 
upon cashless exercise of Brooks Options or Brooks Warrants, or in 
connection with withholding obligations relating thereto and except from 
former employees, directors and consultants in accordance with agreements 
existing on the date hereof and providing for the repurchase of shares in 
connection with any termination of service of such party);   (ii) issue,
deliver, sell or subject to any Encumbrance any shares of  the capital stock
of Brooks or any of its Subsidiaries, any other voting  securities or any
securities convertible into or exchangeable or  exercisable for, or any
rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such  shares, voting securities
or convertible securities, in any transaction  which would materially delay
or impair the ability of Brooks to perform its  obligations under this
Agreement, and in any such case not for less than  the then current market
price of such securities, provided that the  foregoing shall not prohibit (A)
the issuance of Brooks Common Stock or  warrants to purchase Brooks Common
Stock in connection with any acquisition  permitted by Section 7.1(a)(iv) or
the issuance (or deemed issuance, by way  of assumption or otherwise) of
options or warrants to purchase Brooks  Common Stock in exchange for
outstanding securities, rights, warrants or  options to acquire any
securities of another Person in connection with any  such acquisition, (B)
the issuance of Brooks Common Stock upon the exercise  of Brooks Options or
Brooks Warrants outstanding as of the date hereof in  accordance with their
present terms, (C) the issuance of Brooks Options  (and shares of Brooks
Common Stock upon the exercise thereof) granted after  the date hereof either
in the ordinary course of business or in connection  with and promptly  
38    following an acquisition permitted by Section 7.1(a)(iv), or (D)
the  issuance of Brooks Rights (and shares of Brooks Preferred Stock upon
the  exercise thereof) in accordance with the terms of the Brooks Rights
Plan,  as in effect on the date hereof so long as nothing permitted by the 
foregoing (A) through (D) shall materially delay or impair the ability of 
Brooks to perform its obligations under this Agreement.   (iii) amend any of
its Organizational Documents other than as  contemplated by this
Agreement;   (iv) acquire or agree to acquire (by merging or consolidating
with, or  by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets of, or by any
other  manner), any business or any Person in a manner which would
materially  delay or impair the ability of Brooks to perform its obligations
under this  Agreement or that would either involve aggregate consideration in
excess of  $200 million or require the approval of Brooks stockholders under
the  Organizational Documents of Brooks or the rules and regulations of the 
Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. applicable to Brooks. (For purposes hereof, 
"aggregate consideration" shall equal the sum of (A)(1) the amount of cash 
to be paid, (2) the value of any shares of Brooks Common Stock (valued at 
the closing price of the Brooks Common Stock on Nasdaq on the day prior to 
announcement of such acquisition) to be delivered, and (3) the fair market 
value of any non-cash or non-Brooks Common Stock consideration (including 
the issuance (or deemed issuance, by way of assumption or otherwise) of 
options or warrants to purchase Brooks Common Stock in exchange for 
outstanding securities, rights, warrants or options to acquire any 
securities of another Person in connection with any such acquisition, and  in
any case as determined by the Brooks Board of Directors in good faith as  of
the day prior to announcement of such acquisition) to be delivered to  the
seller or its security holders in connection with such acquisition, and  (B)
the amount of liabilities directly or indirectly assumed by Brooks or  its
Subsidiaries or retired or defeased in connection with such  acquisition,
including contingent liabilities to the extent they can be  estimated by the
Brooks Board of Directors in good faith as of the day  prior to the
announcement of such acquisition);   (v) authorize, or commit or agree to
take, any of the foregoing actions,  provided that the limitations set forth
in this Section shall not apply to  any transaction between Brooks and any
wholly owned Subsidiary or between  any wholly owned Subsidiaries of
Brooks.   (b) Except as required by Law, Brooks shall not, and shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, voluntarily take any action that would, or
that could reasonably be expected to, result in (i) any of its
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement that are qualified
as to materiality becoming untrue or inaccurate at the Effective Time, (ii)
any of such representations and warranties that are not so qualified becoming
untrue or inaccurate in any material respect at the Effective Time, or (iii)
any of the conditions to the consummation of this Agreement and the
transaction contemplated hereby as set forth in Article IX not being
satisfied.   (c) Brooks shall promptly advise PRI orally and in writing to
the extent it has Knowledge of (i) any representation or warranty made by it
contained in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality becoming
untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any such representation or warranty
that is not so qualified becoming untrue or inaccurate in any material
respect, (ii) the failure by it or any of its Subsidiaries to comply in any
material respect with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this
Agreement and (iii) any Material Adverse Effect or any change or event
having, or which, insofar as can reasonably be foreseen, could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the truth of their respective
representations and warranties or the ability of the conditions set forth in
Article IX to be satisfied; provided, however, that no such notification
shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the
parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties under this Agreement.  SECTION 7.2 CONDUCT OF
BUSINESS BY PRI   (a) Except as otherwise expressly contemplated by this
Agreement, or as consented to by Brooks in writing (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed), during the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, PRI shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries
to, carry on their respective   39   businesses in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice and in compliance in all material respects with
all applicable Laws and, to the extent consistent therewith, use all
reasonable efforts to preserve intact their current business organizations,
use reasonable efforts to keep available the services of their current
officers and other key employees and preserve their relationships with those
persons having business dealings with them to the end that their goodwill and
ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing (but subject to the
above exceptions), during the period from the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time, PRI shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to:   (i) other than dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect 
wholly owned Subsidiary of PRI to its parent, or by a Subsidiary that is 
partially owned by PRI or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that PRI or any 
such Subsidiary receives or is to receive its proportionate share thereof, 
and except as contemplated by the PRI Exchangeable Share Provisions, (A) 
declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, make any other distributions in 
respect of, or enter into any agreement with respect to the voting of, any 
of its capital stock, (B) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital 
stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect 
of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock, except 
for issuances of PRI Common Stock upon the exercise of PRI Options or PRI 
Warrants which are either outstanding as of the date hereof in accordance 
with their present terms, including cashless exercise, or are permitted to 
be issued pursuant to Section 7.2(a)(ii) hereof, or (C) purchase, redeem or 
otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of PRI or any of its 
Subsidiaries or any other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or 
options to acquire any such securities (except, the deemed acceptance of 
shares of PRI Common Stock upon cashless exercise of PRI Options or PRI 
Warrants, or in connection with withholding obligations relating thereto  and
except from former employees, directors and consultants in accordance  with
agreements existing on the date hereof and providing for the  repurchase of
shares in connection with any termination of service of such  party);  
(ii) issue, deliver, sell or subject to any Encumbrance (other than 
Encumbrances disclosed in Section 5.2 of the PRI Disclosure Schedule) any 
shares of the capital stock of PRI or any of its Subsidiaries, any other 
voting securities or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or 
exercisable for, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such 
shares, voting securities or convertible securities, other than (A) the 
issuance of PRI Common Stock or warrants to purchase PRI Common Stock in 
connection with any acquisition permitted by Section 7.2(a)(iv), or the 
issuance (or deemed issuance, by way of assumption or otherwise) of options 
or warrants to purchase PRI Common Stock in exchange for outstanding 
securities, rights, warrants or options to acquire any securities of  another
Person in connection with any such acquisition, (B) the issuance of  PRI
Common Stock upon the exercise of PRI Options or PRI Warrants  outstanding as
of the date hereof in accordance with their present terms,  (C) the issuance
to existing or new employees of PRI Options (and shares of  PRI Common Stock
upon the exercise thereof) in an aggregate amount not to  exceed 200,000 (net
of cancellations) granted after the date hereof, (D)  the issuance of PRI
Options (and shares of Common Stock upon exercise  thereof) to employees of
an acquired business in connection with and  promptly following an
acquisition permitted by Section 7.2(a)(iv) in a  manner consistent with
Brooks\' past practice in connection with  acquisitions, (E) the issuance of
PRI Common Stock upon the exchange,  redemption or retraction of PRI
Exchangeable Shares or (F) the issuance of  PRI Rights (and shares of Class
One Preferred Stock upon the exercise  thereof) in accordance with the terms
of the PRI Rights Plan, as in effect  on the date hereof;   (iii) amend any
of its Organizational Documents;   (iv) acquire or agree to acquire (by
merging or consolidating with, or  by purchasing a substantial portion of the
assets of, or by any other  manner), any business or any Person; provided
that PRI may acquire or  contract to acquire one or more additional
businesses with an aggregate  consideration of not more than $5 million and
in each case in a manner  which would not materially delay or impair the
ability of PRI to perform  its obligations under this Agreement and which is
reasonably expected to be  accretive to PRI\'s earnings within 12 months
following consummation. (For  purposes hereof, "aggregate consideration"
shall equal the sum of (A)(1)  the amount of cash to be paid, (2) the value
of any shares of PRI Common  Stock (valued at the closing price of the PRI
Common Stock on Nasdaq on the  day   40    prior to announcement of such
acquisition) to be delivered, and (3) the  fair market value of any non-cash
or non-PRI Common Stock consideration  (including the issuance (or deemed
issuance, by way of assumption or  otherwise) of options or warrants to
purchase PRI Common Stock in exchange  for outstanding securities, rights,
warrants or options to acquire any  securities of another Person in
connection with any such acquisition, and  in any case as determined by the
PRI Board of Directors in good faith as of  the day prior to announcement of
such acquisition) to be delivered to the  seller or its security holders in
connection with such acquisition, and (B)  the amount of liabilities directly
or indirectly assumed by PRI or its  Subsidiaries or retired or defeased in
connection with such acquisition,  including contingent liabilities to the
extent they can be estimated by the  PRI Board of Directors in good faith as
of the day prior to the  announcement of such acquisition);   (v) sell,
lease, license, mortgage or otherwise create an Encumbrance on  or otherwise
dispose of any of its existing properties or assets (including 
securitizations) other than the sale of the E-machine machine shop and  other
than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past  practice;  
(vi) acquire, purchase or lease capital assets or otherwise incur a  capital
expenditure in excess of $8 million in the aggregate;   (vii) incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any debt  securities or assume,
guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as an  accommodation become responsible
for the obligations of any Person for  borrowed money for principal amounts
in excess of $5 million on or before  January 31, 2002 or for principal
amounts in excess of $20 million after  January 31, 2002, other than letters
of credit issued for the benefit of  customers of PRI in the ordinary course
of business;   (viii) accelerate, amend or change the period of
exercisability of  options or restricted stock granted (or permitted by this
Agreement to be  granted after the date hereof) under any PRI stock plan or
authorize cash  payments in exchange for any options granted (or permitted by
this  Agreement to be granted after the date hereof) under any such plan
except  as required by the terms of such plan or any related agreements in
effect  as of the date of this Agreement;   (ix) (A) increase the
compensation payable or to become payable to its  officers or employees,
except for increases in salary, wages or bonus of  employees in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practices  (which include market
adjustments), (B) grant any additional severance or  termination benefits to,
or enter into any severance agreements with, any  employees or officers other
than severance or termination payments to  employees in connection with (i)
reductions in force or (ii) terminations  of individual employees by PRI in
the normal course of business, provided  that no such benefits or agreements
shall be provided to any of PRI\'s  directors or twenty highest paid current
employees except in connection  with a reduction in force and in a manner
consistent with past practice for  such reductions in force, (C) enter into
any collective bargaining  agreement (other than as required by Law), (D)
establish, adopt, enter into  or amend any Employee Benefit Plan for the
benefit of any directors,  officers or employees;   (x) compromise or
settle any Proceeding if such compromise or settlement  would obligate PRI or
any of its Subsidiaries to pay and/or assume  liabilities greater than $3
million, individually or in the aggregate, or  to take or refrain from any
other action (other than as a result of a  breach of this Agreement);  
(xi) except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past 
practice, modify or amend in any material respect or terminate any PRI 
Material Contract or waive, release or assign any material rights or claims 
thereunder; (xii) change in any material respect its accounting methods, 
principles or practices, except insofar as may be required by a generally 
applicable change in GAAP or a change in the rules and regulations of the 
SEC; or   (xiii) authorize, or commit or agree to take, any of the
foregoing  actions, provided that the limitations set forth in this Section
shall not  apply to any transaction between PRI and any wholly owned
Subsidiary or  between any wholly owned Subsidiaries of PRI.   41    (b)
Except as required by Law, PRI shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, voluntarily take any action that would, or that
could reasonably be expected to, result in (i) any of its representations
and warranties set forth in this Agreement that are qualified as to
materiality becoming untrue or inaccurate at the Effective Time, (ii) any of
such representations and warranties that are not so qualified becoming untrue
or inaccurate in any material respect at the Effective Time, or (iii) any of
the conditions to the consummation of this Agreement and the
transaction contemplated hereby as set forth in Article IX not being
satisfied.   (c) PRI shall promptly advise Brooks orally and in writing to
the extent it has Knowledge of (i) any representation or warranty made by it
contained in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality becoming
untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any such representation or warranty
that is not so qualified becoming untrue or inaccurate in any material
respect, (ii) the failure by it or any of its Subsidiaries to comply in any
material respect with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this
Agreement and (iii) any Material Adverse Effect or any change or event
having, or which, insofar as can reasonably be foreseen, could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the truth of their respective
representations and warranties or the ability of the conditions set forth in
Article IX to be satisfied; provided, however, that no such notification
shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the
parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties under this Agreement.  SECTION 7.3 NO
SOLICITATION BY PRI   (a) PRI shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize or permit any of its directors,
officers or employees or any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney,
accountant or other representative retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries
to, directly or indirectly through another Person, (i) solicit, initiate or
encourage (including by way of furnishing information), or take any other
action designed to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal
which constitutes a PRI Takeover Proposal or (ii) participate in any
discussions or negotiations regarding any PRI Takeover Proposal; provided,
however, that if the Board of Directors of PRI determines in good faith,
after consultation with its outside counsel, that it is necessary to do so in
order to act in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duties to PRI\'s
stockholders under applicable law, PRI may, in response to a PRI Takeover
Proposal which was not solicited by it, which did not otherwise result from a
breach of this Section, which the Board of Directors of PRI determines in
good faith, after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally
recognized reputation, is reasonably likely to lead to a PRI
Superior Proposal, and which is made Known to or received by PRI prior to the
obtaining of the PRI Stockholder Approval, and subject to providing prior
written notice of its decision to take such action to Brooks and compliance
with paragraph (c) below, (x) furnish information with respect to PRI and its
Subsidiaries to the person making such PRI Takeover Proposal pursuant to a
customary confidentiality agreement (as determined by PRI after consultation
with its outside counsel, the terms of which are no more favorable to such
person than the Confidentiality Agreement) and (y) participate in discussions
or negotiations regarding such PRI Takeover Proposal.   (b) Except as
expressly permitted by this Section, neither PRI nor the Board of Directors
of PRI nor any committee thereof shall (i) withdraw or modify, or propose
publicly to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Brooks, the approval
or recommendation by such Board of Directors or such committee of the Merger
or this Agreement, (ii) approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve
or recommend, any PRI Takeover Proposal, or (iii) cause PRI to enter into any
express or implied letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition
agreement or other similar agreement (each, a "PRI ACQUISITION AGREEMENT")
related to any PRI Takeover Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any
time prior to the obtaining of the PRI Stockholder Approval, the Board
of Directors of PRI, to the extent that it determines in good faith,
after consultation with its outside counsel, that it is necessary to do so in
order to act in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duties to PRI\'s
stockholders under applicable law, may (subject to this and the following
sentences) recommend any PRI Superior Proposal, but only at a time that is
after the fifth business day following Brooks\' receipt of written notice
advising Brooks that the Board of Directors of PRI is prepared to recommend a
PRI Superior Proposal, specifying the terms and conditions of such PRI
Superior Proposal and   42   identifying the person making such PRI
Superior Proposal. During this five business day period, Brooks may make, and
in such event PRI shall consider, a counterproposal to such PRI Superior
Proposal, and, subject to the fiduciary duties of PRI\'s Board of Directors,
PRI (i) shall itself and shall cause its financial and legal advisors to
negotiate on its behalf with Brooks with respect to the terms and conditions
of such counterproposal for a reasonable period of time given the terms and
conditions of such counterproposal and such PRI Superior Proposal, and (ii)
shall accept such Brooks counterproposal unless the Board of Directors of PRI
determines in its good faith judgment, after consultation with a financial
advisor of nationally recognized reputation, that such Brooks counterproposal
is less favorable to PRI\'s stockholders than such PRI Superior Proposal.  
(c) In addition to the obligations of PRI set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b)
of this Section, PRI shall immediately advise Brooks orally and in writing of
any request for information or of any PRI Takeover Proposal, the
material terms and conditions of such request or PRI Takeover Proposal and
the identity of the person making such request or PRI Takeover Proposal. PRI
will keep Brooks reasonably informed on a current basis of the status and
details (including amendments or proposed amendments) of any such request or
PRI Takeover Proposal.   (d) Nothing contained in this Section shall
prohibit PRI from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position
contemplated by Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act
or from making any disclosure to PRI\'s stockholders or the public if, in the
good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of PRI, after consultation with
outside counsel, failure so to disclose would be inconsistent with its
obligations under applicable law; provided, however, that, except as
expressly permitted by this Section, neither PRI nor its Board of Directors
nor any committee thereof shall withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to
withdraw or modify, its position with respect to this Agreement or the Merger
or approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, a PRI
Takeover Proposal.   (e) Nothing in this Section 7.3 shall (i) permit PRI to
terminate this Agreement (except as specifically provided in Section 10.1
hereof), (ii) permit PRI to enter into any PRI Acquisition Agreement during
the term of this Agreement (it being agreed that during the term of this
Agreement, PRI shall not enter into any agreement with any person that
provides for, or in any way facilitates, a PRI Takeover Proposal (other than
a confidentiality agreement of the type referred to in Section 7.3(a) above))
or (iii) affect any other obligation of PRI under this Agreement.   (f)
Nothing contained in this Section shall prohibit PRI from advising any Person
making a PRI Takeover Proposal that PRI is bound by the terms of
this Agreement or from negotiating the confidentiality agreement described in
Section 7.3(a).   ARTICLE VIII. ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  SECTION 8.1
PREPARATION OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND THE JOINT PROXY 
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS; STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS   (a) As soon as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, PRI and Brooks shall prepare and file
with the SEC (and, if applicable exemptions are not available, with the
Canadian Regulators under the MJDS Policy) a joint proxy statement/prospectus
(such joint proxy statement/prospectus, together with any accompanying
letters to stockholders, notices of meeting and forms of proxy, shall be
referred to herein as the "JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS") and Brooks
shall prepare and file with the SEC (and, if applicable, the
Canadian Regulators under the MJDS Policy) the Registration Statement, in
which the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be included as a prospectus.
Each of PRI and Brooks shall use reasonable efforts to have the Registration
Statement declared effective under the Securities Act (and to comply with the
MJDS Policy, if applicable) as promptly as practicable after such filing. PRI
will use reasonable efforts to cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus to
be mailed to PRI\'s stockholders, and Brooks will use reasonable efforts to
cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to Brooks\'
stockholders, in each case as promptly as practicable after the Registration
Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act (and, if applicable,
determined by Brooks and PRI to comply with the MJDS Policy). Brooks shall
take   43   any action (other than qualifying to do business in any
jurisdiction in which Brooks or PRI is not now so qualified or filing a
general consent to service of process) required to be taken under any
applicable state and provincial securities laws in connection with the
issuance of Brooks Common Stock in the Merger. PRI shall furnish all
information concerning itself and the holders of its stock as may be
reasonably requested in connection with any such action. No filing of, or
amendment or supplement to, the Registration Statement or the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will be made by any party without providing the other
party a reasonable opportunity to review and comment thereon. Brooks
will advise PRI, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time when
the Registration Statement has become effective or any supplement or
amendment has been filed, the issuance of any stop order, the suspension of
the qualification of the Brooks Common Stock issuable in connection with the
Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC or
the Canadian Regulators for amendment of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
or the Registration Statement or comments thereon and responses thereto or
requests by the SEC or the Canadian Regulators for additional information.
PRI shall cause a meeting of the holders of the PRI Exchangeable Shares to be
called and held in accordance with applicable Canadian Law as soon as
practicable following the date of this Agreement for purposes of approving,
and, to the extent required, PRI will approve and will cause PRI Subco to
approve the Amended Canadian Articles, the Amended Support Agreement and the
Amended Voting and Exchange Trust Agreement and any other matters required as
a result of the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby, and shall
prepare, file and distribute any proxy circular required by applicable
Canadian Law or the PRI Exchangeable Share Provisions. No such filing of, or
amendment or supplement to, the proxy circular will be made without providing
Brooks a reasonable opportunity to review and comment thereon. If the Board
of Directors of PRI shall recommend to its stockholders the approval and
adoption of this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby, the Board of Directors of PRI Canada shall recommend to
the holders of the PRI Exchangeable Shares the approval and adoption of any
such amendments or other matters. Brooks shall cooperate with PRI and PRI
Canada in the preparation of any such proxy circular and shall furnish all
information concerning itself and the holders of its stock as may
be reasonably required in connection therewith. PRI shall use its best
efforts to cause PRI Canada to hold such meeting on the same date as the PRI
Stockholders\' Meeting and the Brooks Stockholders\' Meeting.   (b) If, at
any time prior to the Effective Time, any information relating to PRI or
Brooks, or any of their respective Affiliates, officers or directors, is
discovered by a party hereto which should be set forth in an amendment
or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus or any Canadian proxy circular, so that any of such
documents would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the party which
discovers such information shall promptly notify the other parties hereto and
an appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall be
promptly filed with the SEC and, to the extent required by Law, disseminated
to the stockholders of PRI and Brooks (and, if applicable, necessary action
will be taken to comply with the requirements of the Canadian
Regulators).   (c) PRI shall, as promptly as practicable after the
Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act (and,
if applicable, determined by Brooks and PRI to comply with the MJDS Policy),
duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders
(the "PRI STOCKHOLDERS MEETING") in accordance with the MBCL for the purpose
of obtaining the PRI Stockholder Approval and shall, through its Board of
Directors, recommend to its stockholders the approval and adoption of this
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby;
provided however, that in the event of a PRI Takeover Proposal the Board of
Directors of PRI may withdraw or modify such recommendation if (but only if)
(i) the Board of Directors of PRI has received a PRI Superior Proposal and
(ii) PRI has complied with the provisions of Section 7.3, but any such
withdrawal of recommendation shall not obviate the obligation to hold the PRI
Stockholders Meeting.   (d) Brooks shall, as promptly as practicable after
the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act
(and, if applicable, determined by Brooks and PRI to comply with the MJDS
Policy), duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its
stockholders (the "BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS MEETING") in   44   accordance
with the DGCL for the purpose of obtaining the Brooks Stockholder Approval
and shall, through its Board of Directors, recommend to its stockholders the
approval and adoption of this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby.   (e) Brooks and PRI will use best efforts
to hold the PRI Stockholders Meeting and the Brooks Stockholders Meeting on
the same date and as soon as reasonably practicable after the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement (and, if applicable, compliance with the MJDS
Policy) and each will use its best efforts to solicit from its stockholders
proxies in favor of this Agreement and the Merger.   (f) At the Brooks
Stockholders Meeting, Brooks shall submit to the stockholders of Brooks in
accordance with the DGCL a proposal to change the name of Brooks in
accordance with Section 2.7 hereof, and shall, through its Board
of Directors, recommend to its stockholders the approval of such change in
the name of Brooks. Brooks will use its best efforts to solicit from its
stockholders proxies in favor of such change in the name of Brooks. If the
stockholders of Brooks approve such change in the name of Brooks, Brooks
shall not, for a period of one year, make any further change in its name
(including any change for purposes of doing business).   (g) As soon as
practicable after the date of this Agreement, Brooks shall make all necessary
filings with respect to the Merger under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and applicable Canadian
securities laws.  SECTION 8.2 LETTERS OF PRI\'S ACCOUNTANTS   PRI shall
use reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to Brooks two letters from
PRI\'s independent accountants, one dated a date within two business days
before the date on which the Registration Statement shall become
effective and one dated a date within two business days before the Closing
Date, each addressed to Brooks, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Brooks and customary in scope and substance for comfort letters delivered
by independent public accountants in connection with registration statements
similar to the Registration Statement. At the request of PRI Canada, PRI
shall use reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to PRI Canada two
letters from PRI\'s independent accountants, one dated a date within two
business days before the date on which PRI Canada shall distribute any proxy
circular to holders of the PRI Exchangeable Shares and one dated a date
within two business days before the Closing Date, each addressed to PRI
Canada, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to PRI Canada and
customary in scope for comfort letters delivered by independent public
accountants in connection with proxy circulars similar to such proxy
circular.  SECTION 8.3 LETTERS OF BROOKS\' ACCOUNTANTS   Brooks shall use
reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to PRI two letters from Brooks\'
independent accountants, one dated a date within two business days before the
date on which the Registration Statement shall become effective and one dated
a date within two business days before the Closing Date, each addressed to
PRI, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to PRI and customary in
scope and substance for comfort letters delivered by independent public
accountants in connection with registration statements similar to
the Registration Statement. At the request of PRI Canada, Brooks shall
use reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to PRI Canada two letters
from Brooks\' independent accountants, one dated a date within two business
days before the date on which PRI Canada shall distribute any proxy circular
to holders of the PRI Exchangeable Shares and one dated a date within two
business days before the Closing Date, each addressed to PRI Canada, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to PRI Canada and customary in scope
for comfort letters delivered by independent public accountants in connection
with proxy circulars similar to such proxy circular.  SECTION 8.4 ACCESS TO
INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY   Subject to the Confidentiality Agreement and
subject to restrictions contained in confidentiality agreements to which such
party is subject (which such party will use its best efforts to have waived)
and applicable Law, upon reasonable notice, each of PRI and Brooks shall, and
shall cause its Subsidiaries to,   45   afford to the other party and to
the officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other
representatives of such other party, reasonable access during normal business
hours during the period prior to the Effective Time to all properties, books,
contracts, commitments, personnel and records of itself and its Subsidiaries.
During such period, each of PRI and Brooks shall, and shall cause its
Subsidiaries to, furnish promptly to the other party (a) a copy of each
report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed or received
by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal or state
securities laws and (b) all other information concerning its
business, properties and personnel as such other party may reasonably
request. No review pursuant to this Section 8.4 shall affect any
representation or warranty given by the other party hereto. Each of PRI and
Brooks will hold, and will cause its officers, employees, accountants,
counsel, financial advisors and other representatives and Affiliates to hold,
any nonpublic information in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality
Agreement.  SECTION 8.5 BEST EFFORTS   (a) Upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use
its best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or
cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in
doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make
effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to satisfy the
conditions set forth in Article IX hereof, including (i) the obtaining of all
actions or non-actions, waivers, consents, approvals, exemptions,
authorizations and Orders from Governmental Authorities and the making of all
declarations, registrations and filings and the taking of all steps as may be
necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid any Proceeding
by, any Governmental Authority, (ii) the obtaining of all consents, approvals
or waivers from third parties that are (A) necessary to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby, (B) required to be disclosed in the Brooks
Disclosure Schedule or the PRI Disclosure Schedule, as the case may be, or
(C) required to prevent a PRI Material Adverse Effect or a Brooks Material
Adverse Effect from occurring before or after the Effective Time, (iii) the
defending of any Proceedings challenging this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including
seeking to have any Order entered by any Governmental Authority vacated or
reversed, and (iv) the execution and delivery of any additional instruments
necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to fully carry
out the purposes of, this Agreement. Nothing set forth in this Section 8.5
will limit or affect actions permitted to be taken pursuant to Section
7.3.   (b) Without limiting the foregoing, PRI and Brooks shall (i) take
all action necessary to ensure that no state "fair price," "business
combination," "moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other form of
antitakeover Law is or becomes applicable to the Merger, this Agreement, or
any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) if any
such Law becomes applicable to the Merger, this Agreement, or any other
transaction contemplated by this Agreement, take all action necessary to
ensure that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms
contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such
Law on the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.  SECTION 8.6 INDEMNIFICATION, EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE   (a)
Brooks agrees to maintain in effect in accordance with their terms all rights
to indemnification, exculpation from liabilities and reimbursement
of expenses for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time
now existing in favor of the current or former directors or officers of PRI
and its Subsidiaries as provided in their Organizational Documents and
any indemnification contracts between PRI and their respective current or
former directors and officers. In addition, from and after the Effective
Time, persons who become directors or officers of Brooks pursuant to this
Agreement or otherwise in connection with the Merger will be entitled to
rights and protections with respect to indemnity, exculpation and
reimbursement of expenses at least as favorable to them as the rights and
protections held by the directors and officers of Brooks immediately before
the Effective Time.   (b) In the event that Brooks or its successor or
assign (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and is not the
continuing or surviving corporation or Person of such consolidation or merger
or   46   (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its
properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, proper
provision will be made so that such successor or assign assumes the
obligations set forth in this Section.   (c) The provisions of this Section
(i) are intended to be for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each
indemnified party, his or her heirs and his or her representatives and (ii)
are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights to
indemnification or contribution that any such person may have by contract or
otherwise.  SECTION 8.7 FEES AND EXPENSES   (a) Except as provided in this
Section, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger, this
Agreement, and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid
by the party incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is
consummated, except that each of Brooks and PRI shall bear and pay one-half
of the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the filing, printing
and mailing of the Registration Statement and the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus (including SEC filing fees).   (b) In the event that
(i) (A) a PRI Takeover Proposal shall have been made Known to PRI or any of
its Subsidiaries or shall have been made directly to PRI\'s stockholders
generally or any Person shall have publicly announced an intention (whether
or not conditional) to make a PRI Takeover Proposal, and (B) thereafter this
Agreement is terminated by either Brooks or PRI pursuant to Section
10.1(b)(ii) or by Brooks pursuant to Section 10.1(c) (but only if
such termination is based upon PRI\'s failure to perform any of its covenants
or agreements contained herein, (ii) (A) there is a material breach by PRI
(acting through one of its executive officers, directors or authorized
investment bankers or counsel) of Section 7.3(a) of this Agreement which is
not cured within 24 hours after PRI\'s Chairman, Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer or Vice President of Strategic Business Development
becomes aware of the breach and (B) thereafter this Agreement is terminated
by Brooks pursuant to Section 10.1(c) (but only if such termination is based
upon PRI\'s failure to perform any of its covenants or agreements contained
in Section 7.3(a) of this Agreement), or (iii) this Agreement is terminated
by Brooks pursuant to Section 10.1(e), then PRI in either case shall
promptly, but in no event later than two days after the date of such
termination, pay Brooks a fee equal to $14,000,000 plus the reasonable out-
of-pocket expenses of Brooks incurred since October 1, 2001 and paid in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (together,
the "PRI TERMINATION FEE"), payable by wire transfer of same day funds;
provided, however, that no PRI Termination Fee shall be payable to
Brooks pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph (b) unless and until within
12 months after such termination PRI or any of its Subsidiaries enters into
any PRI Acquisition Agreement pursuant to such PRI Takeover Proposal (or any
other transaction with the Person making such PRI Takeover Proposal or any
Affiliate of such Person, which transaction would itself be a PRI Takeover
Proposal) or any such PRI Takeover Proposal (or any other transaction with
the Person making such PRI Takeover Proposal or any Affiliate of such Person,
which transaction would itself be a PRI Takeover Proposal) is consummated, in
which event the PRI Termination Fee shall be payable upon the first to occur
of such events. For purposes of Section 8.7(b)(ii), (x) materiality shall be
determined by reference to the effect of the action on the completion of the
Merger and (y) a breach shall be deemed cured if, within the time frame
specified, either (A) PRI shall disavow in writing the action that
constituted such breach, (B) Brooks shall request such a disavowal in a
written form reasonably acceptable to PRI, and PRI shall have provided such
disavowal within 48 hours after such request, or (C) PRI shall inform Brooks
of the breach and Brooks shall not request such a written disavowal. PRI
acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section are an integral
part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without
these agreements, Brooks would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if
PRI fails promptly to pay the amount due pursuant to this paragraph (b), and,
in order to obtain such payment, Brooks commences a suit which results in a
judgment against PRI for the fee set forth in this paragraph (b), PRI shall
pay to Brooks its costs and expenses (including attorneys\' fees and
expenses) in connection with such suit, together with interest on the
amount of the fee at the prime rate of ABN Amro in effect on the date such
payment was required to be made.   47   SECTION 8.8 PUBLIC
ANNOUNCEMENTS   Brooks and PRI will consult with each other a reasonable
time before issuing, and provide each other a reasonable opportunity to
review, comment upon and concur with and use reasonable efforts to agree on,
any press release or other public statements with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, and shall not issue any
such press release or make any such public statement prior to such
consultation, except as either party may determine is required by applicable
Law, court process or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with
any securities exchange or stock market on which listed.  SECTION 8.9 STOCK
LISTING   Until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the
Effective Time, PRI shall continue the quotation of the PRI Common Stock on
Nasdaq. Brooks shall use best efforts to cause the Brooks Common Stock
issuable under Article III, including Brooks Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the PRI Options and PRI Warrants to purchase share of Brooks
Common Stock described in Section 3.4 and upon the exchange redemption or
retraction of the PRI Exchangeable Shares, to be approved for listing on
Nasdaq, subject to official notice or issuance, as promptly as practicable
after the date hereof, and in any event prior to the Closing Date.  SECTION
8.10 TAX TREATMENT   Each of Brooks and PRI shall use best efforts to cause
the Merger to qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368
of the Code and to obtain the opinions of counsel referred to in Sections
9.1(h). After the Effective Time, Brooks shall continue the historic business
of PRI or use a significant portion of PRI\'s historic business assets in a
business and shall use its best efforts to avoid taking any action that would
cause the Merger to fail to qualify as a reorganization under the provisions
of such Section 368.  SECTION 8.11 CONVEYANCE TAXES   Brooks and PRI shall
cooperate in the preparation, execution and filing of all Tax Returns or
other documents regarding any real property transfer or gains taxes, or other
Taxes, any transfer, recording, registration and other fees or any similar
Taxes which become payable in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement that are required or permitted to be filed at or before the
Effective Time. Brooks shall pay, and PRI shall pay, without deduction or
withholding from any amount payable to the holders of their Common Stock, any
such Taxes imposed by any Governmental Authority (and any penalties and
interest with respect to such Taxes), which become payable in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on behalf of
their respective stockholders.  SECTION 8.12 RESTRAINTS   Each of the
parties shall use its best efforts to prevent the entry of any Restraints and
to appeal as promptly as possible any Restraints that may
be entered.  SECTION 8.13 SECTION 16 MATTERS   Before the Effective Time,
the Board of Directors of Brooks shall adopt such resolutions, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Brooks and PRI, as are necessary to
exempt from the application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act the
acquisition of any security of Brooks pursuant to or in connection with the
Merger by any person who becomes a director or officer of Brooks, as those
terms are defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act, pursuant to this
Agreement or otherwise in connection with the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby.  SECTION 8.14 BENEFIT PLANS   (a) As
soon as administratively practicable after the Effective Time, Brooks shall
take all reasonable action so that employees of PRI and its Subsidiaries
shall be entitled to participate in each Brooks Employee   48   Benefit
Plan to the same extent as similarly-situated employees of Brooks and its
Subsidiaries (it being understood that inclusion of the employees of PRI
and its Subsidiaries in the Brooks Employee Benefit Plans may occur at
different times with respect to different plans). Brooks shall cause each
Brooks Employee Benefit Plan in which employees of PRI and its Subsidiaries
are eligible to participate to take into account for purposes of eligibility
and vesting thereunder the service of such employees with PRI and its
Subsidiaries to the same extent as such service was credited for such
purposes by PRI.   (b) Brooks shall honor, and the Surviving Corporation
shall continue to be obligated to perform, in accordance with their terms,
all benefit obligations to, and contractual rights of, current and former
employees of PRI existing as of the Effective Date, as well as all employment
or severance agreements, plans or policies of PRI.   (c) If employees of
PRI or any of its Subsidiaries become eligible to participate in a medical,
dental or vision benefits plan of Brooks, Brooks shall cause each such plan
to (i) waive any preexisting condition limitations to the extent such
conditions are covered under the applicable medical, dental or vision
benefits plans of Brooks, (ii) honor under such plans any deductible, co-
payment and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the employees and
their beneficiaries during the portion of the calendar year prior to
such participation and (iii) waive any waiting period limitation or evidence
of insurability requirement which would otherwise be applicable to such
employee on or after the Effective Time to the extent such employee had
satisfied any similar limitation or requirement under an analogous PRI
Employee Benefit Plan prior to the Effective Time.   ARTICLE IX. CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT  SECTION 9.1 CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY\'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE
MERGER   The obligation of each party to effect the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following
conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approvals. Each of the PRI Stockholder
Approval and the  Brooks Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained.  
(b) HSR ACT. The waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable  to
the Merger under the HSR Act shall have been terminated or shall have 
expired.   (c) Approvals. Other than the filing provided for under Section
2.4,  all Orders, consents, waivers, exemptions, approvals or authorizations
of,  declarations, filings or registrations with, or giving of notice to,
any  Person or Governmental Authority required of PRI, Brooks, or any of
their  Subsidiaries to consummate this Agreement, the Merger and the other 
transactions contemplated hereby, the failure of which to be obtained or 
made (i) is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Brooks 
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) will result in a violation 
of any Laws, shall have been obtained or made, all in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to PRI and Brooks.   (d) No Injunctions or
Restraints. No Order or Law entered, enacted,  promulgated, enforced or
issued by any Governmental Authority of competent  jurisdiction or other
legal restraint or prohibition (collectively,  "RESTRAINTS") shall be in
effect (i) preventing the consummation of the  Merger, or (ii) which
otherwise is reasonably likely to have a Material  Adverse Effect on PRI or
Brooks, as applicable.   (e) Registration Statement. The Registration
Statement shall have  become effective under the Securities Act prior to the
mailing of the Joint  Proxy Statement/Prospectus by each of PRI and Brooks to
their respective  stockholders, and no stop order or proceedings seeking a
stop order shall  be threatened by the SEC or shall have been initiated by
the SEC. The Joint  Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall not on the Closing Date
be subject to any  similar proceedings commenced or threatened by the
Canadian Regulators.   49    (f) Stock Listing. The shares of Brooks
Common Stock issuable to PRI\'s  stockholders as contemplated by Article III,
and the shares of Brooks  Common Stock issuable upon exercise of PRI Options
and PRI Warrants  described in Section 3.4 and upon the exchange, redemption
or retraction of  the PRI Exchangeable Shares, shall have been approved for
listing on the  Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of
issuance. The Toronto  Stock Exchange shall have approved the continued
listing of the PRI  Exchangeable Shares on such exchange.   (g) Shelf
Registration Statement. Unless the condition set forth in  Section 9.3(d)(B)
shall be satisfied, Brooks shall be eligible to file and  shall have filed a
registration statement on Form S-3 pursuant to Rule 415  under the Securities
Act with respect to the issuance of shares of Brooks  Common Stock to the
holders of PRI Exchangeable Shares upon the exchange,  redemption or
retraction thereof in accordance with the PRI Exchangeable  Share Provisions;
such registration statement shall have become effective  under the Securities
Act, and no stop order or proceedings seeking a stop  order shall be
threatened by the SEC or shall have been initiated by the  SEC.   (h) Tax
Opinion. Brooks shall have received from Ropes and Gray, tax  counsel to
Brooks, and PRI shall have received from Foley, Hoag and Eliot  LLP, tax
counsel to PRI, on a date immediately prior to the mailing of the  Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus and on the Closing Date, opinions, in each  case
dated as of such respective dates, to the effect that the Merger will 
constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the 
Code. In rendering such opinions, counsel for Brooks and PRI shall be 
entitled to rely upon representations of officers of Brooks and PRI 
substantially in the form of Exhibits 9.1(h)A and 9.1(h)B hereto.  SECTION
9.2 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF BROOKS   The obligation of Brooks to effect
the Brooks Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
is further subject to satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:  
(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties  of
PRI set forth herein shall be true and correct both when made and at and  as
of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such time (except to the  extent
expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such  date), except
where the failure of such representations and warranties to  be so true and
correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to  "materiality" or
Material Adverse Effect set forth therein) does not have,  and is not likely
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse Effect on
PRI.   (b) Performance of Obligations of PRI. PRI shall have performed in
all  material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under
this  Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.   (c) No Material Adverse
Change. At any time after the date of this  Agreement there shall not have
occurred any Material Adverse Change  relating to PRI.   (d) PRI
Exchangeable Share Matters. (A) (i) PRI shall have received all  approvals
necessary from PRI Canada, the holders of the PRI Exchangeable  Shares and
such other persons as shall be necessary under the PRI  Exchangeable Share
Provisions, the Amended Support Agreement and Amended  Voting and Exchange
Trust Agreement entered into by PRI in connection with  the PRI Exchangeable
Shares and applicable Law in connection with the  Merger and all transactions
contemplated under this Agreement and (ii) the  Amended MRRS Decision
Document shall have been obtained, or (B) if any  approvals referred to in
clause (i) are required but not obtained, then all  but not less than all of
the then outstanding PRI Exchangeable Shares shall  have been redeemed in
accordance with the PRI Exchangeable Share Provisions  and applicable Law (or
PRI Subco shall have exercised its Redemption Call  Right (as defined in the
PRI Exchangeable Share Provisions) in accordance  with the PRI Exchangeable
Share Provisions and applicable Law with respect  to all but not less than
all of the then outstanding PRI Exchangeable  Shares).   50   SECTION
9.3 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PRI   The obligation of PRI to effect the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement is further
subject to satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:   (a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties  of Brooks
set forth herein shall be true and correct both when made and at  and as of
the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such time (except to  the extent
expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such  date), except
where the failure of such representations and warranties to  be so true and
correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to  "materiality," or
Material Adverse Effect set forth therein) does not have,  and is not likely
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse Effect on
Brooks.   (b) Performance of Obligations of Brooks. Brooks shall have
performed  in all material respects all obligations required to be performed
by it  under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.   (c) No
Material Adverse Change. At any time after the date of this  Agreement there
shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change  relating to Brooks.  
(d) PRI Exchangeable Share Matters. (A) (i) PRI shall have received all 
approvals necessary from PRI Canada, the holders of the PRI Exchangeable 
Shares and such other persons as shall be necessary under the PRI 
Exchangeable Share Provisions, the Amended Support Agreement and Amended 
Voting and Exchange Trust Agreement entered into by PRI in connection with 
the PRI Exchangeable Shares and applicable Law in connection with the  Merger
and all transactions contemplated under this Agreement, (ii) Brooks  shall
have entered into the Amended Support Agreement and Amended Voting  and
Exchange Trust Agreement and created the Brooks Special Voting Share,  and
(iii) the Amended MRRS Decision Document shall have been obtained, or  (B) if
any approvals referred to in clause (i) are required but not  obtained, then
all but not less than all of the then outstanding PRI  Exchangeable Shares
shall have been redeemed in accordance with the PRI  Exchangeable Share
Provisions and applicable Law (or PRI Subco shall have  exercised its
Redemption Call Right (as defined in the PRI Exchangeable  Share Provisions)
in accordance with the PRI Exchangeable Share Provisions  and applicable Law
with respect to all but not less than all of the then  outstanding PRI
Exchangeable Shares).  SECTION 9.4 FRUSTRATION OF CLOSING CONDITIONS  
Neither Brooks nor PRI may rely on the failure of any condition set forth in
Section 9.1, 9.2 or 9.3, as the case may be, to be satisfied if such
failure was caused by such party\'s failure to use best efforts to consummate
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as
required by and subject to Section 8.5.   51    ARTICLE X. TERMINATION,
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  SECTION 10.1 TERMINATION   This Agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, (and whether before or
after the PRI Stockholder Approval or the Brooks Stockholder Approval):  
(a) by mutual written consent of Brooks and PRI;   (b) by either Brooks or
PRI if: (i) the Merger shall not have been  consummated by July 31, 2002;
provided, however, that the right to  terminate this Agreement pursuant to
this Section 10.1(b)(i) shall not be  available to any party whose failure to
perform any of its obligations  under this Agreement results in the failure
of the Merger to be consummated  by such time; provided, further, that this
Agreement may be extended by not  more than 30 calendar days by either party
by written notice to the other  party if the Merger shall not have been
consummated as a direct result of  Brooks or PRI having failed to receive all
regulatory approvals required to  be obtained with respect to the Merger;
(ii) the PRI Stockholder Approval  shall not have been obtained at a PRI
Stockholders Meeting duly convened  therefor (including any adjournment or
postponement thereof); (iii) the  Brooks Stockholder Approval shall not have
been obtained at a Brooks  Stockholders Meeting duly convened therefor
(including any adjournment or  postponement thereof); or (iv) any Restraint
having any of the effects set  forth in Section 9.1(d) shall be in effect and
shall have become final and  nonappealable, provided, that the party seeking
to terminate this Agreement  pursuant to this paragraph (b)(iv) shall have
used its best efforts to  prevent the entry of and to remove such
Restraint;   (c) by Brooks, if PRI shall have breached or failed to perform
in any  material respect any of its representations, warranties, covenants or
other  agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to
perform  (A) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in
Section  9.2(a) or (b), and (B) is incapable of being cured by PRI or is not
cured  within 45 days of written notice thereof from Brooks;   (d) by PRI,
if Brooks shall have breached or failed to perform in any  material respect
any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other  agreements
contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform  (A) would
give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section  9.3(a) or (b),
and (B) is incapable of being cured by Brooks or is not  cured within 45 days
of written notice thereof from PRI;   (e) by Brooks, if (i) PRI, the Board
of Directors of PRI or any  committee thereof shall have recommended to the
stockholders of PRI any PRI  Takeover Proposal; (ii) PRI, the Board of
Directors of PRI or any committee  thereof shall for any reason have
withdrawn or shall have amended or  modified in a manner adverse to Brooks
its recommendation of this Agreement  and the Merger; (iii) PRI shall have
failed to include its recommendation  of this Agreement and the Merger in the
Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus  or Registration Statement; or (iv) a
tender or exchange offer relating to  15% or more of the shares of PRI Common
Stock shall have been commenced by  a Person unaffiliated with Brooks, and
PRI shall not have sent to its  securityholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2
promulgated under the Exchange Act,  within ten business days after such
tender or exchange offer is first  published, sent or given and made known to
PRI, a statement recommending  rejection of such tender or exchange offer;
or   (f) by PRI, if (i) Brooks, the Board of Directors of Brooks or any 
committee thereof shall for any reason have withdrawn or shall have amended 
or modified in a manner adverse to PRI its recommendation of this Agreement 
and the Merger or (ii) Brooks shall have failed to include its 
recommendation of this Agreement and the Merger in the Joint Proxy 
Statement/Prospectus or Registration Statement.  SECTION 10.2 EFFECT OF
TERMINATION   In the event of termination of this Agreement by either PRI or
Brooks as provided in Section 10.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become
void and have no effect, without any liability or obligation on the part of
Brooks, Brooks Merger Sub, or PRI other than the provisions of Section 8.7,
this Article X and Article XI   52   and the Confidentiality Agreement,
which provisions shall survive such termination, and except that a party
shall remain liable to the extent that such termination results from the
willful and material breach by such party of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement.  SECTION
10.3 AMENDMENT   This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time
before or after the PRI Stockholder Approval or the Brooks Stockholder
Approval; provided, however, that after any such approval, there shall not be
made any amendment that by Law requires further approval by the stockholders
of PRI or Brooks without the further approval of such stockholders. This
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of each of the parties.  SECTION 10.4 EXTENSION; WAIVER   At any
time prior to the Effective Time, a party may (a) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b)
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other
parties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to
this Agreement or (c) subject to the proviso of Section 10.3,
waive compliance by the other party with any of the agreements or conditions
contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this
Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of such rights, nor will any single or partial
exercise of any right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of
any other right.  SECTION 10.5 PROCEDURE FOR TERMINATION, AMENDMENT,
EXTENSION OR WAIVER   A termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section
10.1, an amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.3 or an extension
or waiver pursuant to Section 10.4 shall, in order to be effective, require,
in the case of Brooks or PRI, action by its Board of Directors or, with
respect to any amendment to this Agreement, a duly authorized committee of
its Board of Directors to the extent permitted by Law.   ARTICLE XI.
GENERAL PROVISIONS  SECTION 11.1 NONSURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES   None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or
in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the
Effective Time. This Section 11.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement
of the parties which by its terms contemplates performance after the
Effective Time.  SECTION 11.2 NOTICES   All notices, requests, claims,
demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed given if delivered personally, mailed by registered or
certified mail (return receipt requested), telecopied (which is confirmed) or
sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties at the
following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):   (a) if to Brooks, to   Brooks Automation,
Inc.  15 Elizabeth Drive  Chelmsford, MA 01824  Attn: President  (978)
262-2400   with a copy to:  Brown, Rudnick, Freed and Gesmer   53    One
Financial Center  Boston, MA 02111  Attn: David H. Murphree, Esquire  (617)
856-8200   (b) if to PRI, to   PRI Automation, Inc.  805 Middlesex
Turnpike  Billerica, MA 01821  Attn: President  (978) 670-9430   with a
copy to:   Foley, Hoag and Eliot LLP  One Post Office Square  Boston, MA
02109  Attn: Robert L. Birnbaum, Esquire  (617) 832-7000   (c) if to
Brooks Merger Sub, to Brooks as provided herein.  SECTION 11.3
INTERPRETATION   When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article,
Section or Exhibit, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of, or
an Exhibit to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Whenever the words
"include," "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall
be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation." The words
"hereof," "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when used in
this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular provision of this Agreement. All terms defined in this Agreement
shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other
document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein.
The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as
well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the
feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement, instrument or Law
defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is
referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or Law as from time to
time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements
or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of Laws) by succession
of comparable successor Laws and references to all attachments thereto and
instruments incorporated therein. References to a Person are also to its
permitted successors and assigns.  SECTION 11.4 COUNTERPARTS   This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be
considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or
more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to
the other parties.  SECTION 11.5 ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY
BENEFICIARIES   This Agreement (including the documents and instruments
referred to herein) and the Confidentiality Agreement (a) constitute the
entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both
written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of
this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement and (b) except for the
provisions of Article III and Section 8.6, are not intended to confer upon
any Person other than the parties any rights or remedies. By execution and
delivery of this Agreement, the parties hereby amend the Confidentiality
Agreement to delete Section 9 thereof, effective as of the date hereof,
provided that such amendment shall not constitute a waiver by a party of its
rights to seek and obtain a remedy for any breach or violation of such
Section 9 prior to such execution and delivery.   54   SECTION 11.6
GOVERNING LAW   This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws
that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflict of laws
thereof.  SECTION 11.7 ASSIGNMENT   Neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in
whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties
hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any assignment
in violation of the preceding sentence shall be void. Subject to the
preceding two sentences, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective
successors and assigns.  SECTION 11.8 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION   Each of
the parties hereto (a) consents to and does hereby submit itself to the
personal jurisdiction of any federal court located in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts or a Massachusetts state court in the event any dispute
arises out of this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such
personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such
court, and (c) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any
court other than a federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
or a Massachusetts state court.  SECTION 11.9 HEADINGS   The table of
contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.  SECTION 11.10 SEVERABILITY   If any term or other provision of
this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any Law or public policy,
all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in
full force and effect. Upon such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect
the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable Law in an acceptable manner to the end that
the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.  
[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank]   55    IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Brooks Automation, Inc., Pontiac Acquisition Corp. and PRI
Automation, Inc. have caused this Agreement to be signed by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first
written above.  [seal] BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.   By: /s/ ROBERT J.
THERRIEN  ------------------------------------  President and Chief
Executive  Officer  [seal] PONTIAC ACQUISITION CORP.   By: /s/ ROBERT J.
THERRIEN  ------------------------------------  President  [seal] PRI
AUTOMATION, INC.   By: /s/ MITCHELL G. TYSON 
------------------------------------  President and Chief Executive 
Officer   By: /s/ COSMO S. TRAPANI  ------------------------------------ 
Treasurer and Chief Financial  Officer   56    '

