July 13, 2000   
CONFIDENTIAL   Board of Directors Matrix Bancorp, Inc. 1380 Lawrence
Street, Suite 1400 Denver, Colorado 80204   RE: ACQUISITION OF MATRIX
BANCORP, INC.  BY SOUTHWEST SECURITIES GROUP, INC.   Gentlemen:   We are
pleased to provide you with this letter of intent (the "Letter of Intent")
which confirms our mutual present intentions with respect to a
proposed business combination between Southwest Securities Group, Inc.
("SWS") and Matrix Bancorp, Inc. ("Matrix").   The basic terms, conditions
and understandings of this proposal are set forth below:   1. Due Diligence
Period. SWS and Matrix and their respective representatives will have an
opportunity during a period of twenty (20) business days following the
effective date of this Letter of Intent in which to conduct a due diligence
inspection of each other\'s business, accounting, financial and legal
affairs. Such mutual inspections will be at the expense of each party. Each
party agrees that it and its representatives will conduct the due
diligence inspection in a manner designed to be least disruptive to the daily
operations of SWS and Matrix and in a manner designed to cause the least
concern to SWS\'s and Matrix\'s customers and employees.   If either SWS or
Matrix determine, at any time prior to 5:00 p.m. Dallas, Texas time on August
11, 2000 (the "Determination Date"), that the condition, financial or
otherwise, of the other party is unsatisfactory, then either SWS or Matrix
may terminate its obligations under this Letter of Intent, in such party\'s
sole discretion, by giving written notice to that effect to the other party
and no party to this Letter of Intent will have any further obligations
or liability hereunder; provided, that the parties shall continue to be
obligated to comply with the provisions of Paragraphs 16 and 18 of this
Letter of Intent which shall survive any such termination.   Board of
Directors Matrix Bancorp, Inc. July 13, 2000 Page 2   2. Execution of
Definitive Agreement. In the event that the parties hereto determine that the
condition, financial and otherwise, of the other party is satisfactory,
Matrix and SWS will negotiate in good faith to enter into a definitive
agreement (the "Definitive Agreement") setting forth in detail the terms and
conditions governing the proposed business combination. If Matrix and SWS are
unable to negotiate and execute a mutually agreeable Definitive Agreement by
August 11, 2000, this Letter of Intent will terminate and no party to this
Letter of Intent will have any further obligations or liability hereunder;
provided that the parties shall continue to be obligated to comply with the
provisions of Paragraphs 16 and 18 of this Letter of Intent which
shall survive any such termination.   3. Structure. The Definitive
Agreement will provide that the proposed business combination will be
accomplished through the merger of Matrix and SWS or a subsidiary of SWS (the
"Merger"). In the Merger, all of the issued and outstanding shares of stock
of Matrix will be acquired by SWS solely in exchange for whole shares of SWS
common stock (plus cash in lieu of any fractional share interests). The
Definitive Agreement will provide that consummation of the Merger is
conditioned upon, among other things, (i) receipt by each party an opinion of
counsel that the Merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization under
Section 368 and other applicable sections of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, and (ii) receipt by SWS of an opinion of its
independent accountants that the Merger may be accounted for as a pooling of
interests or other accounting treatment satisfactory to SWS.   4. Merger
Consideration. The Definitive Agreement will provide that, upon consummation
of the Merger, each outstanding share of Matrix Common Stock will be
converted into the right to receive 0.4715 shares (the "Exchange Ratio")
of SWS common stock, which Exchange Ratio shall be fixed (the aggregate
amount of consideration being the "Merger Consideration"). In the event SWS
changes the number of shares of SWS common stock issued and outstanding prior
to the Closing Date of the Merger as a result of a stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization, or similar transaction with respect to such stock
and the record date therefor (in the case of a stock dividend) or the
effective time thereof (in the case of a stock split or similar
recapitalization for which a record date is not established) shall be prior
to the Closing Date of the Merger, the Exchange Ratio shall be
proportionately adjusted.   The shares of SWS common stock to be received by
shareholders of Matrix in the Merger will be registered with the Securities
and Exchange Commission pursuant to an effective registration statement and
will be listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The Definitive
Agreement will provide that SWS will enter into a mutually agreeable
registration rights agreement with those shareholders of Matrix deemed to be
affiliates (as such term is defined under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of
1933), providing for a one time demand registration right for such
affiliates.    Board of Directors Matrix Bancorp, Inc. July 13,
2000 Page 3   In arriving at the Exchange Ratio and the Merger
Consideration, SWS has assumed that: (i) no additional shares of capital
stock of Matrix will be issued prior to the effective date of the Merger
(other than through the exercise of currently outstanding stock options or
warrants); and (ii) no additional options, warrants or rights to acquire
capital stock of Matrix will be granted prior to the effective date of the
Merger. Any options or warrants to acquire shares of Matrix stock that remain
unexercised upon consummation of the Merger would be converted by SWS and
would become options or warrants to acquire shares of SWS common stock on
similar economic terms and conditions.   5. Stock Options. By July 21, 2000,
Matrix will execute and deliver to SWS a stock option agreement, in form and
substance mutually agreeable to both parties, pursuant to which SWS will have
an option to acquire up to 19.9% of the issued and outstanding capital stock
of Matrix at an exercise price equal to the per share value of the Merger
Consideration on the date of this Letter of Intent. Such option will be
exercisable by SWS in the event Matrix elects to terminate the Definitive
Agreement based on advice of outside counsel that failure to do so would be
reasonably likely to constitute a breach of Matrix\'s board of directors
fiduciary duties to Matrix\'s shareholders under applicable law as further
described in Section 14 of this Letter of Intent.   6. Necessary Approvals.
The Definitive Agreement will provide that the Merger will be conditioned
upon the prior receipt of all necessary regulatory, shareholder and corporate
approvals on terms and conditions acceptable to SWS. In addition to approval
of the Merger by the shareholders of Matrix, the Merger will also be
conditioned upon approval of the shareholders of SWS. Either party will
cooperate and aid the other party in the preparation of all
necessary applications and agrees to provide the other party with access to
any records or information relative to it that is reasonably necessary for or
is required to be included in such applications or notices or that is
required or requested by any such regulatory authority. The Definitive
Agreement will provide that any conditions imposed by regulatory authorities
that would limit the future business of SWS in any material respect or that
would require the divestiture of any material portion of the current business
of Matrix or SWS may be unacceptable to SWS and may result in a permitted
termination of the Definitive Agreement by SWS.     Board of
Directors Matrix Bancorp, Inc. July 13, 2000 Page 4   7. No Material
Adverse Change. The Definitive Agreement will provide that each party\'s
obligation to consummate the Merger will be conditioned upon verification
that there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition,
assets, operations, properties or business of the other party from the date
of the Definitive Agreement through the Closing Date (as defined herein). For
purposes of the Definitive Agreement, the term "material adverse change" will
be defined to include any adverse change that results in a reduction of the
shareholders\' equity of such company (on a consolidated basis) of an amount
equal to or exceeding ten percent (10%) of such company\'s shareholders\'
equity calculated as of June 30, 2000; provided, however, in the case of SWS,
market fluctuations after June 30, 2000 in the value of the Knight/Trimark
Group Class A Common Stock shall be excluded.   8. Designation of Invitees.
The Definitive Agreement will provide that (subject to customary and legal
limitations) following the time it is executed, each party hereto will give
two (2) persons designated by the other party notice of and permission to
attend as invitees all regular and special meetings of the board of directors
and executive committee of that party. If the Definitive Agreement is
terminated, such designees will no longer be entitled to notice of and
permission to attend such meetings.   9. Management; Releases. The
Definitive Agreement will provide that the Merger will be conditioned upon
the ability of SWS to reach mutually satisfactory employment and noncompete
agreements with the key officers and management of Matrix and its
subsidiaries to be effective on the Closing Date. The Definitive Agreement
will also provide that directors of Matrix will execute and deliver to SWS at
Closing releases of any and all claims against Matrix and use their best
efforts to obtain similar releases from the executive officers of Matrix.  
10. Board Representation. The Definitive Agreement will provide that
upon consummation of the Merger, SWS will appoint one outside director
designated by Matrix to SWS\'s board, and that SWS will nominate such
designee for election as a director of SWS at SWS\'s next annual
shareholders\' meeting.   11. Voting Agreements. Contemporaneously with
execution of the Definitive Agreement, Matrix will deliver to SWS voting
agreements from shareholders of Matrix owning or controlling not less than a
majority of the voting power of Matrix providing that such shareholders will
agree to vote their shares of Matrix common stock in the same proportion as
all other shareholders of Matrix that are not parties to the voting agreement
vote their shares on the Merger.    Board of Directors Matrix Bancorp,
Inc. July 13, 2000 Page 5    12. Director and Officer Indemnification.
The Definitive Agreement will provide that for a period of three (3) years
after the Closing of the Merger, SWS will indemnify, defend and hold harmless
each officer and director of Matrix entitled to indemnification from Matrix
against all liabilities arising out of actions or omissions occurring at or
prior to the Closing of the Merger to the same extent and subject to the
conditions set forth in Matrix\'s articles and bylaws as in effect on the
date of the Definitive Agreement and, for the same period, will continue to
provide, within reasonable limits, existing director and officer liability
insurance coverage to such individuals.   13. Fairness Opinions. The
Definitive Agreement will provide that consummation of the Merger will be
conditioned upon receipt by each of SWS and Matrix of opinions from their
respective financial advisors that the terms of the Merger are fair from a
financial point of view to the respective shareholders of SWS and Matrix.  
14. Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Conditions. The
Definitive Agreement will contain such representations, warranties,
agreements, covenants and conditions as are mutually agreeable to SWS and
Matrix. The Definitive Agreement will also provide that Matrix may terminate
the Definitive Agreement in the event that (i) Matrix has received an
acquisition proposal that is superior to the terms of those contained in the
Definitive Agreement and (ii) that based on advice of outside counsel, the
board of directors of Matrix determines that failure to terminate the
Definitive Agreement would be reasonably likely to constitute a breach of its
fiduciary duties to Matrix shareholders under applicable law.   15. Closing
and Closing Date. The closing (the "Closing") of the transactions
contemplated by the Definitive Agreement, including the Merger, will occur on
a date mutually agreeable to SWS and Matrix (the "Closing Date") within
thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of all necessary regulatory
and shareholder approvals and the expiration of any mandatory waiting
periods. The Definitive Agreement will provide, however, that either party
may terminate the Definitive Agreement in the event the Closing Date does not
occur on or before June 30, 2001.   16. Public Disclosure. Neither SWS nor
Matrix will make any press release or other public disclosure concerning this
transaction without the prior written consent of the other party to this
Letter of Intent; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, SWS
and Matrix will, after giving notice to the other, be permitted to make any
public disclosures or governmental filings as legal counsel may deem
necessary to maintain compliance with or to prevent violations of applicable
law or regulations or that may be necessary to obtain regulatory approval for
the transaction contemplated herein.    Board of Directors Matrix
Bancorp, Inc. July 13, 2000 Page 6    17. Exclusivity. Unless (i) Matrix
shall have received either (a) an unsolicited acquisition proposal that is
superior to the proposed terms of the Merger described in this Letter of
Intent or (b) an inquiry reasonably determined by the board of directors of
Matrix to be likely to lead to such a proposal and (ii) the board of
directors of Matrix shall have determined, based upon advice of outside
counsel, that failure to do so is reasonably likely to constitute a breach of
its fiduciary duties to the Matrix shareholders under applicable law, Matrix
agrees that until the earlier of the termination this Letter of Intent or
upon execution of the Definitive Agreement, which will contain similar
provisions, neither Matrix, its affiliates, employees, nor any of Matrix\'s
directors, officers, financial advisors or agents will:   (a) solicit,
encourage, initiate or participate in any  negotiations or discussions with
any third party with respect  to any offer or proposal to merge with or
acquire Matrix or  all or substantially all of Matrix\'s business whether
by  acquisition, purchase of stock or assets or otherwise;   (b) disclose
to any third party any information concerning  Matrix\'s business,
properties, books or records of Matrix,  except in the ordinary course of
business for purposes other  than an acquisition or as compelled by law;
or   (c) cooperate with any third party to make any proposal to merge  with
or acquire all or any part of the capital stock or assets  of Matrix other
than acquisitions in the ordinary course of  business or non-essential or
excess assets.  Any party receiving a formal or informal offer or proposal
for such an acquisition (or an offer or proposal to enter negotiations
therefore) shall immediately inform SWS thereof (including the terms of such
offer) and provide SWS with copies of any documents relating thereto.   18.
Confidentiality. The terms of that certain Confidentiality Agreement dated
January ___, 2000, by and between SWS and Matrix are not effected by
this Letter of Intent and shall continue in full force and effect without
regard to the terms of this Letter of Intent.  Board of Directors Matrix
Bancorp, Inc. July 13, 2000 Page 7   19. Further Cooperation. SWS and
Matrix hereby agree to cooperate and work together to provide any information
required by either party to consummate this transaction and in negotiating
and agreeing upon any other matters that may arise in connection with the
preparation of the Definitive Agreement or in connection with the
consummation of the Merger proposed herein.   20. Amendment, Modification or
Extension. The terms of this Letter of Intent may not be amended, modified or
extended, nor may any of its terms be waived, except by a written instrument
signed by both parties hereto.   21. Multiple Counterparts. This Letter of
Intent may be executed in separate or multiple counterparts by the parties,
and all of such counterparts will be considered as one and the same
instrument notwithstanding the fact that various counterparts are signed by
only one or more of SWS and Matrix, and all of such instruments will be
deemed but one and the same instrument.   22. Effectiveness. This Letter of
Intent will be effective upon the date a counterpart is executed by an
authorized officer of Matrix and a fully executed copy is returned to SWS at
its address set forth above.   If the foregoing Letter of Intent is
acceptable to Matrix, please so signify by having an appropriate officer of
Matrix execute this letter in the space provided below and returning one copy
of this letter to the undersigned.   Very truly yours,     SOUTHWEST
SECURITIES GROUP, INC.    By: /s/ David Glatstein   Its:
President      Board of Directors Matrix Bancorp, Inc. July 13,
2000 Page 8      Agreed and Accepted this 13th day of July,
2000:    MATRIX BANCORP, INC.      By: /s/ Guy A. Gibson  Its:
President/CEO     '

