<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>denbury8k12292003ex2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

              AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER TO FORM HOLDING COMPANY

                                      among

                             DENBURY RESOURCES INC.

                             DENBURY HOLDINGS, INC.

                                       and

                              DENBURY ONSHORE, LLC

                         -------------------------------

                                   Pursuant to
                                 Section 18-209
                      of the Limited Liability Company Act
                            of the State of Delaware
                                       and
                  Section 251(g) of the General Corporation Law
                            of the State of Delaware


     THIS   AGREEMENT  AND  PLAN  OF  MERGER  TO  FORM  HOLDING   COMPANY  (this
"Agreement"),  dated as of December 22,  2003,  by and among  Denbury  Resources
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Old Denbury"), Denbury Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned  subsidiary of Old Denbury ("New  Denbury"),  and
Denbury Onshore,  LLC, a Delaware limited  liability  company and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of New Denbury ("Merger Sub").

     WHEREAS,  Old Denbury has an authorized  capitalization  consisting of: (i)
100,000,000  shares of common  stock,  par value $.001 per share  ("Old  Denbury
Common  Stock"),  of which  on  December  19,  2003,  as of  close  of  business
54,131,915  shares were issued and outstanding and 51,987 shares were issued but
held in treasury; and (ii) 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001
per  share  ("Old  Denbury  Preferred  Stock"),  none of  which  is  issued  and
outstanding; and

     WHEREAS,  New Denbury has an authorized  capitalization  consisting of: (i)
100,000,000  shares of common  stock,  par value $.001 per share  ("New  Denbury
Common  Stock"),  of which 1,000 shares are issued and outstanding and are owned
by Old Denbury and no shares are held in treasury; and (ii) 25,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $.001 per share ("New Denbury Preferred Stock"), none
of which is issued and outstanding; and

     WHEREAS,  the  designations,   rights,  powers  and  preferences,  and  the
qualifications,  limitations and restrictions  thereof,  of respectively the New
Denbury Common Stock and the New Denbury  Preferred  Stock are the same as those
of  respectively  the Old Denbury  Common  Stock and the Old  Denbury  Preferred
Stock; and


<PAGE>

     WHEREAS,  Merger Sub has an  authorized  capitalization  consisting  of (i)
100,000,000  units of  common  limited  liability  company  interests,  having a
capital amount of $.001 per unit (the "Merger Sub Common Units"), of which 1,000
Merger Sub Common Units are issued and outstanding and are owned by New Denbury,
and (ii) 25,000,000  units of preferred  limited  liability  company  interests,
having a capital  amount of $.001 per unit (the "Merger Sub  Preferred  Units");
and

     WHEREAS,  the Board of Directors of Old Denbury has  determined it to be in
the best  interests of Old Denbury to effect the formation of a holding  company
structure  whereby  Merger Sub, as the survivor of a merger  between Old Denbury
and  Merger  Sub  will,  immediately  after  the  merger,  be  the  wholly-owned
subsidiary  of New Denbury and the  stockholders  of Old Denbury will become the
stockholders of New Denbury; and

     WHEREAS,  it is intended  that the holding  company  structure  be effected
without a vote of Old Denbury's  stockholders pursuant to and in accordance with
Subsection 251(g) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL") through a
merger of Old Denbury into Merger Sub pursuant to Section 18-209 of the Delaware
Limited  Liability  Company Act (the "DLLCA") and Subsection 251(g) of the DGCL;
and

     WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Old Denbury and New Denbury,
the Board of Managers of Merger Sub, Old Denbury acting as the sole  stockholder
of New Denbury,  and New Denbury  acting as the sole member of Merger Sub,  have
approved  the  merger  of Old  Denbury  into  Merger  Sub  (the  "Merger"),  the
conversion  of shares of Old  Denbury  Common  Stock into  shares of New Denbury
Common Stock provided for in this Agreement,  the other terms of this Agreement,
and the execution of this Agreement by each such entity; and

     WHEREAS,  New Denbury and Merger Sub have been  recently  formed solely for
purposes of effecting the formation of a holding company  structure  through the
Merger; and

     WHEREAS,  for Federal  income tax purposes,  it is intended that the Merger
shall  qualify  as a tax-free  reorganization  under the  provisions  of Section
368(a) of the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  "Code"),  and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and

     WHEREAS, the purpose of creating the holding company structure is to better
reflect the operating  practices and methods of Old Denbury,  to yield economics
in operations,  to provide greater  administrative and operational  flexibility,
and otherwise.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual covenants and agreements
contained in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                                   The Merger

     Section 1.1 The Merger.

     (a)  Upon  the  terms  and  subject  to the  conditions  set  forth in this
Agreement,  and in  accordance  with  Subsection  251(g)  and  other  applicable
provisions of the DGCL,  and Section 18-209 and other  applicable  provisions of
the DLLCA, Old Denbury shall be merged into

                                       2

<PAGE>

Merger Sub at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2 of this  Agreement).
At the Effective  Time,  the separate  corporate  existence of Old Denbury shall
cease and Merger Sub shall  continue as the  surviving  entity  (the  "Surviving
Entity")  as a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of New  Denbury.  Except as  otherwise
provided in this Agreement, the Surviving Entity shall succeed to and assume all
the rights and  obligations  of Old Denbury in accordance  with the DGCL and the
DLLCA.

     (b) At the  Effective  Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of Old  Denbury,  New  Denbury,  Merger  Sub or the  holders  of any
securities of Old Denbury, New Denbury or Merger Sub:

          (1) each  issued and  outstanding  share of Old Denbury  Common  Stock
     shall be  converted  into one issued and  outstanding  share of New Denbury
     Common Stock, having the same designations, rights, powers and preferences,
     and  the  qualifications,  limitations  and  restrictions  thereof,  as the
     converted share of Old Denbury Common Stock; and

          (2) each issued but not outstanding  share of Old Denbury Common Stock
     held in treasury by Old Denbury shall be converted  into one issued but not
     outstanding  share of New  Denbury  Common  Stock held in  treasury  by New
     Denbury and having the same designations,  rights,  powers and preferences,
     and  the  qualifications,  limitations  and  restrictions  thereof,  as the
     converted share of Old Denbury Common Stock held in treasury.

     (c) Each share of New Denbury Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger, and without any action on the
part of Old Denbury, New Denbury, Merger Sub or the holders of any securities of
Old  Denbury,  New Denbury or Merger Sub, be cancelled  and retired  without any
consideration therefor.

     (d) Each  Merger  Sub  Common  Unit  outstanding  immediately  prior to the
Effective  Time shall  remain  issued  and  outstanding  and remain  held by New
Denbury so that following the Merger New Denbury continues as the sole member of
Merger Sub.

     (e) From and after the Effective  Time,  holders of  certificates  formerly
evidencing  Old  Denbury  Common  Stock  shall  cease  to  have  any  rights  as
stockholders of Old Denbury, except as provided by law.

     Section 1.2 Effective Time. The parties shall file this Agreement, executed
and  certified in  accordance  with the relevant  provisions of the DGCL and the
DLLCA, with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware,  and shall make all
other filings or recordings  required  under the DGCL or the DLLCA to effectuate
fully the Merger.  The Merger shall become effective at nine o'clock a.m., local
time in the State of Delaware, on December 29, 2003 (the time the Merger becomes
effective being here referred to as the "Effective Time").

     Section 1.3 Effects of the  Merger.  The Merger  shall have the effects set
forth in Section 259 of the DGCL and  Subsection  18-209(g) of the DLLCA.  It is
the intent of the parties that New Denbury,  as of the Effective Time, be deemed
a  "successor  issuer" for all purposes  under the

                                       3


<PAGE>

Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities  Act"), and for all purposes
under the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  For Federal income tax
purposes,   it  is  intended  that  the  Merger  shall  qualify  as  a  tax-free
reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     Section 1.4  Certificate  of  Incorporation,  Bylaws and Limited  Liability
Company Agreement.

     (a) Prior to the  Effective  Time,  New Denbury will cause to be adopted by
the appropriate  corporate action,  and filed with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware,  the Restated  Certificate of Incorporation of New Denbury in
the form attached  hereto as Exhibit A.1 which,  at the Effective  Time (i) will
amend New Denbury's  Certificate of Incorporation by changing New Denbury's name
to "Denbury  Resources Inc.", and by deleting Article XIII which names and gives
the  mailing  address  of New  Denbury's  incorporator,  (ii) will  restate  New
Denbury's  Certificate of Incorporation as so amended,  and (iii) otherwise will
make no change to New Denbury's Certificate of Incorporation. From and after the
Effective Time such Amended and Restated  Certificate of  Incorporation  will be
the  Certificate of  Incorporation  of New Denbury until  thereafter  changed or
amended as provided therein or under applicable law.

     (b) New  Denbury's  Board of  Directors  will  take  such  action as may be
necessary  to amend the Bylaws of New Denbury as of the  Effective  Time so that
from and after the Effective  Time the Amended Bylaws of New Denbury in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B.1, which amend New Denbury's Bylaws to reflect that
its name has been  changed to Denbury  Resources  Inc.,  and  otherwise  make no
change  in New  Denbury's  Bylaws,  will  be the  Bylaws  of New  Denbury  until
thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or under applicable law.

     (c) New Denbury acting as Merger Sub's sole member,  and Merger Sub's Board
of  Managers,  will take such  action as may be  necessary  to amend the Limited
Liability  Company Agreement of Merger Sub as of the Effective Time so that from
and after the Effective Time the Limited  Liability  Company Agreement of Merger
Sub,  in the form  attached  hereto as  Exhibit  C.1,  as  amended  by the First
Amendment to Limited  Liability  Agreement  of Merger Sub, in the form  attached
hereto as Exhibit C.2,  which  amends  Merger Sub's  Limited  Liability  Company
Agreement to contain the provisions  required or permitted by Subsection  251(g)
of the DGCL, amends Merger Sub's capital structure,  deletes a provision setting
the initial  number of managers,  and otherwise  makes no change in Merger Sub's
Limited  Liability  Company  Agreement,  will be the Limited  Liability  Company
Agreement of the Surviving Entity.

     Section 1.5 Directors.  The directors of Old Denbury  immediately  prior to
the  Effective  Time will be and remain the  directors of New Denbury  until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are
qualified  and  either  duly  appointed  or  elected  in  accordance   with  the
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of New Denbury and applicable law.

     Section 1.6 Officers.  The officers of Old Denbury immediately prior to the
Effective Time will be and remain the officers of New Denbury, in the equivalent
positions to those held in Old Denbury,  until the earlier of their  resignation
or removal or until their respective successors are appointed in accordance with
the Bylaws of New Denbury.

                                       4
<PAGE>

     Section 1.7 Stock Transfers. From and after the Effective Time, there shall
be no further  registration  of transfers of shares of Old Denbury  Common Stock
thereafter on the records of Old Denbury.

     Section 1.8 No Surrender of Certificates.

     (a) As a result of the provisions of Section 1.4(a) of this Agreement,  the
name of New Denbury  immediately  following the Effective  Time will be "Denbury
Resources  Inc.",  which is the same name as the  corporate  name of Old Denbury
immediately prior to the Effective Time. In accordance with Subsection 251(g) of
the DGCL, until thereafter  surrendered for transfer or exchange in the ordinary
course,  each outstanding  certificate that,  immediately prior to the Effective
Time,  evidenced  shares of issued Old Denbury  Common Stock shall be deemed and
treated for all  corporate  purposes to evidence the  ownership of the number of
shares of issued New Denbury  Common Stock into which such shares of Old Denbury
Common Stock are converted  pursuant to the provisions of Section 1.1(b) of this
Agreement,  and the New Denbury  Common Stock into which the Old Denbury  Common
Stock is  converted  in the  Merger  shall  be  represented  by the  same  stock
certificates  that  previously   represented  such  Old  Denbury  Common  Stock.
Accordingly,  there  will  be no  requirement  as a  result  of the  Merger  for
surrender and exchange of the stock  certificates  that  previously  represented
shares of Old Denbury Common Stock.

     (b) Old Denbury was first incorporated in the Province of Manitoba (Canada)
as a specially  limited  company on March 7, 1951.  On  February  16,  1968,  by
supplementary letters patent, Old Denbury was converted to a limited company. On
September  13,  1984,  Old  Denbury  was  continued  under the  Canada  Business
Corporations  Act.   Simultaneously  with  the  filing  of  its  Certificate  of
Incorporation  with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 20,
1999, Old Denbury filed its Certificate of  Domestication  with the Secretary of
State of the State of  Delaware in order to  domesticate  itself in the State of
Delaware.  Old Denbury's  Certificate of Incorporation amended and superseded in
all respects its previously  adopted  Articles of Continuance,  as amended.  Old
Denbury's  Certificate of Incorporation  also provided that each common share of
Old Denbury  outstanding on the effective  date of Old Denbury's  Certificate of
Incorporation  was thereby  converted into one share of Old Denbury Common Stock
without any further action by Old Denbury or any of its  stockholders,  and that
the  then  outstanding  share  certificates  ("Pre-Domestication  Certificates")
representing  such  common  shares  outstanding  on the  effective  date  of Old
Denbury's  Certificate of  Incorporation  represented  Old Denbury Common Stock.
Therefore,  in accordance with Subsection  251(g) of the DGCL,  until thereafter
surrendered for transfer or exchange in the ordinary  course,  each  outstanding
Pre-Domestication Certificate, if any, representing common shares outstanding on
the effective date of Old Denbury's Certificate of Incorporation shall be deemed
and treated for all purposes to evidence  the  ownership of the number of shares
of New Denbury  Common  Stock into which the shares of Old Denbury  Common Stock
represented by such Pre-Domestication  Certificate are converted pursuant to the
provisions of Section 1.1(b) herein, and the New Denbury Common Stock into which
such Old Denbury Common Stock is converted in the Merger shall be represented by
the  Pre-Domestication  Certificate that prior to the Effective Time represented
such Old Denbury Common Stock.

                                       5
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE II
                        Certain Covenants and Agreements

     Section 2.1 Assumed Plans.

     (a) At the  Effective  Time,  New Denbury shall adopt and assume all of the
rights and obligations of Old Denbury under all of the employee benefit plans of
Old Denbury, including, but not limited to, the following: the Denbury Resources
Inc. Stock Option Plan, the Denbury Resources Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
the Denbury  Resources Inc.  Director  Compensation  Plan, the Denbury Resources
Inc.  Severance  Protection Plan, and the Denbury Resources Inc. 401(k) Plan, as
all of the same have been  amended  and are in effect as of the  Effective  Time
(the "Assumed Plans"). New Denbury shall adopt the Assumed Plans as its own, and
shall  continue  such plans in  accordance  with their terms.  New Denbury shall
permit  other  employers  related to New Denbury to  participate  in the Assumed
Plans in the same  manner as such  employers  participated  as of or before  the
Effective Time in such Assumed Plans.

     (b) At the Effective  Time, the number of authorized but unissued shares of
New Denbury Common Stock reserved for future grants or stock issuances under any
of the Assumed Plans shall equal the number of authorized but unissued shares of
Old Denbury Common Stock formerly reserved for issuance for such purposes by Old
Denbury  immediately  prior to the Effective Time.  Prior to the Effective Time,
New Denbury  will confirm  such  reserves of shares of New Denbury  Common Stock
under the Assumed Plans.

     (c) At the Effective Time,  each issued and outstanding  option to purchase
shares of Old Denbury Common Stock (each an "Old Denbury Stock Option") shall be
converted  into an option to  purchase  the same number of shares of New Denbury
Common Stock on the same terms and conditions as the converted Old Denbury Stock
Option.

     Section 2.2 Indenture.  At the Effective Time, Old Denbury, New Denbury and
the trustee  (the  "Trustee")  under the  Indenture  dated as of March 25, 2003,
among Old Denbury,  certain of its subsidiary  guarantors  signatory thereto and
the  Trustee  (the  "Indenture"),  shall  execute  and  deliver  a  Supplemental
Indenture pursuant to Section 5.01 of the Indenture,  without the consent of the
holders of the 7 1/2% Senior  Subordinated Notes Due 2013 issued pursuant to the
Indenture  (the  "Notes"),  providing  for the  assumption  of, and agreement to
become  obligated  on,  the  Indenture  and the  Notes by New  Denbury,  and the
agreement of Merger Sub to assume and become  obligated on the Indenture and the
Notes.

     Section 2.3 Additional Actions. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, and
in addition to the actions  described in Section 2.2 above and the circumstances
resulting  from the effects set forth in Section 259 of the DGCL and  Subsection
18-209(g) of the DLLCA,  the parties  hereto shall take all such  reasonable and
lawful  action as may be necessary or  appropriate  in order to  effectuate  the
Merger,  carry out the intents and purposes of this Agreement,  and evidence the
assignments to and  assumptions by New Denbury or the Merger Sub of such rights,
interests,  obligations  and  liabilities  of Old  Denbury as Old  Denbury,  New
Denbury and/or the Merger Sub determine to be necessary or  appropriate.  If, at
any time after the Effective Time,  Merger Sub shall consider or be advised that
any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, assurances or any other actions or things
are necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm,  of record or otherwise,

                                       6



<PAGE>

in Merger Sub its right,  title or  interest  in, to or under any of the rights,
properties  or assets of either of Merger Sub or Old  Denbury  acquired or to be
acquired  by Merger Sub as a result  of, or in  connection  with,  the Merger or
otherwise to carry out the intents and purposes of this Agreement,  the officers
and managers of Merger Sub shall be  authorized  to execute and deliver,  in the
name and on behalf of each of Merger Sub and Old Denbury,  all such  agreements,
deeds, bills of sale, assignments and assurances and to take and do, in the name
and on behalf of each of Merger Sub and Old Denbury or otherwise, all such other
actions and things as may be necessary or desirable to vest,  perfect or confirm
any and all right,  title and interest in, to and under such rights,  properties
or assets in Merger Sub or otherwise to carry out this Agreement.

     Section 2.4 Compliance  with  Subsection  251(g) of the DGCL.  Prior to the
Effective  Time,  the  parties  will take all  steps  necessary  to comply  with
Subsection 251(g) of the DGCL, including without limitation, the following:

     (a) to assure that  immediately  following the Effective Time, the Restated
Certificate  of  Incorporation  of New  Denbury  and the  Amended  Bylaws of New
Denbury shall, except for variations permitted by Subsection 251(g) of the DGCL,
contain   provisions   identical  to  the  provisions  of  the   Certificate  of
Incorporation  and Bylaws of Old Denbury as in effect  immediately  prior to the
Effective Time, with only  non-material  additions or deletions  necessitated by
the circumstances;

     (b) to assure that immediately  following the Effective Time, the directors
of Old Denbury immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of
New Denbury,  until the earlier of their  resignation  or removal or until their
respective  successors  are duly  qualified  and either  appointed or elected in
accordance with the Restated  Certificate of Incorporation and Amended Bylaws of
New Denbury and applicable law; and

     (c) to assure that  immediately  following the Effective  Time, the Limited
Liability  Company  Agreement  of Merger  Sub,  as  amended,  shall,  except for
variations  permitted  or required  by  Subsection  251(g) of the DGCL,  contain
provisions  identical to the provisions of the Certificate of  Incorporation  of
Old Denbury as in effect  immediately  prior to the  Effective  Time,  with only
non-material additions or deletions necessitated by the circumstances.

     Section 2.5  Reservation of Shares.  At or prior to the Effective Time, New
Denbury will reserve  sufficient  authorized but unissued  shares of New Denbury
Common  Stock to provide for the  issuance of New Denbury  Common Stock upon the
exercise of all stock  options  (including  but not  limited to those  converted
under Section 2.1(c) above),  or in  satisfaction  of other benefits  payable or
outstanding  under the Assumed Plans,  including those enumerated in Section 2.1
above.

     Section 2.6 Further Assurances. From time to time, as and when requested by
another party hereto,  a party hereto shall execute and deliver,  or cause to be
executed and delivered,  all such documents and  instruments  and shall take, or
cause to be taken,  all such further  actions as such other party may reasonably
deem necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement.


                                       7

<PAGE>

     Section 2.7 Consummation of the Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement,  each party shall use its commercially  reasonable efforts to
cause the Merger to occur upon the terms hereof.

                                  ARTICLE III
                                   Conditions

     Section 3.1 Conditions.  The respective  obligation of each party hereto to
effect the  transactions  contemplated  hereby is subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of each of the following conditions:

     (a) no  statute,  rule,  regulation,  executive  order,  decree,  temporary
restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order shall have
been  enacted,  entered,  promulgated,  enforced  or issued by any  governmental
entity,  and no other legal  restraint or prohibition  shall be in effect,  that
prevents  the  Merger  or any of the  other  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement, and no action, claim, proceeding or investigation shall be pending or
threatened by any governmental  entity that, if successful,  would result in any
of the foregoing effects;

     (b) Old  Denbury,  New  Denbury  and  Merger  Sub shall  have  caused  this
Agreement to be certified by Old  Denbury's  Secretary as required by Subsection
251(g) of the DGCL;

     (c) The amendment and  restatement of the Certificate of  Incorporation  of
New Denbury,  the  amendment of the Bylaws of New Denbury,  and the amendment of
the Limited  Liability  Company  Agreement of Merger Sub,  contemplated  by this
Agreement  shall have been approved by all necessary  action and fully executed,
subject only to the occurrence of the Effective Time; and

     (d) The Board of Directors of Old Denbury shall have received an opinion of
counsel that the holders of Old Denbury  Common Stock will not recognize gain or
loss for United  States  federal  income tax purposes as a result of the Merger;
and

     (e) Prior to the Effective  Time,  the New York Stock  Exchange  shall have
authorized,  upon  official  notice of issuance,  the listing of the New Denbury
Common Stock that will be issued  pursuant to the Merger,  including New Denbury
Common Stock that will be held in treasury, and the shares of New Denbury Common
Stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of options or in  satisfaction  of
other benefits payable or outstanding under the Assumed Plans.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                               General Provisions

     Section 4.1  Interpretation.  The headings  contained in this Agreement are
for  reference  purposes  only and shall not  affect in any way the  meaning  or
interpretation  of this Agreement.  The definitions  contained in this Agreement
are  applicable  to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms.  The
Exhibits attached hereto are hereby  incorporated  herein and made a part hereof
for all purposes, as if fully set forth herein.

                                       8
<PAGE>

     Section 4.2  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be executed in one or more
counterparts,  all of which shall be considered  one and the same  agreement and
shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of
the parties and delivered to the other parties.

     Section 4.3 No Third-Party  Beneficiaries.  This  Agreement  (including the
documents and instruments referred to herein) is not intended to confer upon any
person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies  except as expressly
provided herein.

     Section  4.4  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed  by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware,  without regard
to the applicable principles of conflicts of laws of such State.

     Section 4.5 Severability.  Any term or provision of this Agreement which is
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction,  be
ineffective  to the  extent  of  such  invalidity  or  unenforceability  without
rendering  invalid or  unenforceable  the remaining terms and provisions of this
Agreement or affecting  the  validity or  enforceability  of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this
Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted
to be only so broad as is enforceable.

     Section  4.6 Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  (including  the  Exhibits
hereto), together with the Supplemental Indenture, contains the entire agreement
and understanding  between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written, and all contemporaneous  oral,
agreements  and  understandings  relating to such  subject  matter.  The parties
hereto  shall not be liable  or bound to any  other  party in any  manner by any
representations,  warranties or covenants relating to such subject matter except
as specifically set forth herein or in the Supplemental Indenture.

     Section  4.7  Assignment.  This  Agreement  and the rights and  obligations
hereunder  shall not be assignable or  transferable  by any of Old Denbury,  New
Denbury or Merger Sub. Any attempted assignment in violation of this Section 4.7
shall be void ab initio and of no further force and effect.

     Section 4.8 Amendment. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties
hereto  may,  to the  extent  permitted  by the DGCL and the  DLLCA,  by written
agreement amend, modify or supplement any provision of this Agreement.

     Section 4.9  Termination.  This  Agreement may be terminated and the Merger
abandoned by the respective Board of Directors or Board of Managers, or the duly
authorized  committee  thereof,  of any party at any time prior to the filing of
this  Agreement  with the  Secretary of State of the State of Delaware,  if such
Board of  Directors,  Board of Managers  or  committee  determines  that for any
reason the  completion  of the Merger  would be  inadvisable  or not in the best
interest of its respective  entity or its stockholders or members.  In the event
of termination of this  Agreement,  this Agreement shall become void and none of
Old  Denbury,  New Denbury or Merger  Sub,  nor their  respective  stockholders,
members,  directors,  managers or officers shall have any liability with respect
to such termination.

                                       9
<PAGE>

     Section 4.10 Copy of Agreement on File. A copy of this Agreement is on file
at the place of business of Merger Sub, the Surviving  Entity of the Merger,  at
the following address:

                  Denbury Onshore, LLC
                  5100 Tennyson Parkway
                  Suite 3000
                  Plano, Texas  75024

     Section 4.11 Copy of Agreement to be  Furnished.  A copy of this  Agreement
will be furnished by Merger Sub, on request and without costs,  to any member of
Merger Sub or any person holding an interest in Old Denbury or New Denbury.

     Section  4.12   Certificate  of  Merger.   This  Agreement   constitutes  a
Certificate  of Merger for  purposes  of Section  18-209 of the DLLCA,  and,  by
execution  hereof,  the President of Merger Sub, being duly  authorized,  hereby
certifies to the contents hereof.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
















                                       10






<PAGE>



     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Old  Denbury,  New Denbury and Merger Sub have caused
this  Agreement  to be executed by their  respective  officers,  thereunto  duly
authorized, all as of the date first written above.

                              DENBURY RESOURCES INC.

                              By:        /s/ Phil Rykhoek
                                        ----------------------------------------
                              Name:      Phil Rykhoek
                                        ----------------------------------------
                              Title:     Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
                                         Officer and Secretary
                                        ----------------------------------------



                              DENBURY HOLDINGS, INC.

                              By:        /s/ Phil Rykhoek
                                        ----------------------------------------
                              Name:      Phil Rykhoek
                                        ----------------------------------------
                              Title:     Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
                                         Officer and Secretary
                                        ----------------------------------------



                              DENBURY ONSHORE, LLC

                              By:        /s/ Phil Rykhoek
                                        ----------------------------------------
                              Name:      Phil Rykhoek
                                        ----------------------------------------
                              Title:     Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
                                         Officer and Secretary
                                        ----------------------------------------

                                       11


<PAGE>




                             SECRETARY'S CERTIFICATE

     The  undersigned,  Phil Rykhoek,  the duly elected and acting  Secretary of
Denbury Resources Inc., a Delaware corporation and a constituent entity referred
to in the foregoing Agreement and Plan of Merger to Form Holding Company, hereby
certifies on behalf of Denbury  Resources Inc. that (i) the foregoing  Agreement
and Plan of Merger to Form Holding Company has been adopted by Denbury Resources
Inc. on December 22, 2003,  pursuant to Subsection  251(g) of the DGCL, and (ii)
the conditions  specified in the first sentence of Subsection 251(g) of the DGCL
have been satisfied in connection with the Merger.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned hereby certifies to the foregoing.


                                    /s/ Phil Rykhoek
                                   ---------------------------------------------
                                   Name:    Phil Rykhoek
                                   Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
                                   Officer and Secretary of Denbury Resources
                                   Inc.







                                       12

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
