 NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT    1 
EXHIBIT 10.16    NONCOMPETITION AGREEMENT    THIS NONCOMPETITION
AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of the 7th day of
February, 2001, by and among FreeMarkets, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), Adexa, Inc., a California corporation (the "Company"), and Dr. K.
Cyrus Hadavi, an individual (the "Shareholder"). Defined terms used in this
Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth
in that certain Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of the
date hereof (the "Reorganization Agreement"), by and among Parent, Axe
Acquisition Corporation and the Company.    W I T N E S S E T H:  
WHEREAS, Parent and the Company are parties to the Reorganization Agreement,
which contemplates the acquisition by Parent of all of the outstanding equity
interests in the Company; and   WHEREAS, the Shareholder is the beneficial
owner of 8,700,000 Company Common Shares and will receive shares of Parent
Common Stock upon consummation of the Merger (the "Merger Payment");  
WHEREAS, in order to induce Parent to enter into the Reorganization Agreement
and to pay to the Shareholder the Merger Payment, the Shareholder has agreed
not to engage in competition under the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;   WHEREAS, Parent would not have entered into the
Reorganization Agreement without the execution by the Shareholder of this
Agreement;   WHEREAS, the Shareholder\'s covenant not to compete as set
forth in this Agreement is essential to the preservation of the goodwill and
the value of the Company to Parent and constitutes a material inducement for
Parent to enter into the Reorganization Agreement and a material portion of
the consideration bargained for by Parent thereunder;   WHEREAS, the
execution and delivery of this Agreement is a condition to the obligation of
Parent to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Reorganization
Agreement;   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Reorganization
Agreement, the Merger Payment, the promises and the covenants contained
herein, Parent, the Company and the Shareholder, each intending to be legally
bound hereby, agree as follows:   2   1. Effectiveness. This Agreement
shall become effective at the Closing of the Merger of Axe Acquisition
Corporation with and into the Company pursuant to which the Company shall
become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the "Effective Date"). In the
event that the Merger is not consummated, then this Agreement shall be void
and of no force and effect whatsoever.   2. Noncompetition.   (a) As used
in this Agreement, the following words have the meanings defined below:  
(i) "Affiliate" means (A) the Company (whether it continues as a separate
corporation or whether it becomes a division or other unit of Parent or any
of its subsidiaries) and (B) any other corporation, association or other
business entity of which more than 50% of the securities or other ownership
interests having voting power is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly,
by Parent.   (ii) "Noncompetition Period" shall mean the period commencing
on the Effective Date and ending on the date which is the later of the third
anniversary of the Effective Date or two years following the date on which
the Shareholder ceases to be employed by Parent, the Company or any
other Affiliate for any reason.   (iii) "Restricted Business" means the
development, marketing, sale or distribution of products or services which
incorporate or are based upon collaborative supply chain technology.   (b)
During the Noncompetition Period, the Shareholder shall not:   (i) engage
in, directly or indirectly, whether as a principal, partner, director,
officer, agent, employee, consultant or in any other capacity, or have any
direct or indirect ownership interest in, any business anywhere in the world
which is engaged, directly or indirectly, in the Restricted Business;
provided, however, that this covenant not to compete shall not preclude the
Shareholder from owning, as a passive investor, up to three percent (3%) of
the outstanding shares in a publicly traded company for the shares of which
an active public trading market exists;   (ii) directly or indirectly induce
or attempt to influence any employee or consultant of Parent or any Affiliate
to terminate his or her employment or relationship with Parent or any
Affiliate, or hire any person who was employed as an employee or consultant
of Parent or any Affiliate during Shareholder\'s employment by the Company,
Parent or any other Affiliate; or   (iii) solicit or entice, or attempt to
solicit or entice, any clients or customers of Parent or any Affiliate or
potential clients or customers of Parent or any Affiliate for purposes of
diverting their business or services from Parent or any Affiliate.    2 
3   (c) The covenants in this Section 2 are severable and separate, and the
unenforceability of any specific covenant shall not affect the provisions of
any other covenant. If any provision of this Section 2 relating to the scope
of the Restricted Business, the time period or geographic area of
the restrictive covenants shall be declared by a court of competent
jurisdiction to exceed the maximum scope, time period or geographic area, as
applicable, that such court deems reasonable and enforceable, said scope,
time period or geographic area shall be deemed to be, and thereafter shall
become, the maximum scope, time period or largest geographic area that such
court deems reasonable and enforceable and this Agreement shall automatically
be considered to have been amended and revised to reflect such
determination.   (d) The Shareholder has carefully read and considered
the provisions of this Section 2 and, having done so, agrees that the
restrictive covenants in this Section 2 impose a fair and reasonable
restraint on the Shareholder and are reasonably required to protect the
interests of the Company and Parent, and their respective officers,
directors, employees, and stockholders and to preserve the goodwill of the
Company purchased by Parent pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The Shareholder
acknowledges that the noncompetition covenant set forth in this Section 2
constituted a material inducement for Parent to enter into the Reorganization
Agreement and a material portion of the consideration bargained for by Parent
thereunder, and that Parent would not have entered into the Reorganization
Agreement without the execution by Shareholder of this Agreement. The
Shareholder acknowledges and stipulates that this Agreement was made in
conjunction with the Merger pursuant to which Parent acquired all of the
outstanding equity interests of the Company and the goodwill thereof, and
that the Shareholder was the principal shareholder in the Company and
exchanged all of his Company Common Shares pursuant to the Merger.   3.
Prior Agreements. The Shareholder represents to the Company and Parent that:
(a) there are no restrictions, agreements or understandings whatsoever to
which the Shareholder is a party or by which the Shareholder is bound which
would prevent or make unlawful the Shareholder\'s execution of
this Agreement; (b) the Shareholder\'s execution of this Agreement does not
constitute a breach of any contract, agreement or understanding, oral or
written, to which the Shareholder is a party or by which the Shareholder is
bound; and (c) the Shareholder is free and able to execute this Agreement on
the terms and subject to the conditions hereof. The Shareholder acknowledges
that the restrictive covenants set forth in this Agreement are in addition to
any other restrictive covenants set forth in any other agreement between the
Company and the Shareholder.   4. Miscellaneous.   (a) Indulgences, Etc.
Any failure or delay on the part of either party to exercise any right,
remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement will not operate as a waiver
thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power
or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any
other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor will any waiver of any right,
remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be    3 
4  construed as a waiver of that right, remedy, power or privilege with
respect to any other occurrence.   (b) Notices. All notices, requests,
demands and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement
must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given on the day
established by the sender as having been delivered personally; on the day
delivered by a private courier as established by the sender by evidence
obtained from the courier; or on the 5th day after the date mailed, by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed as set forth below:   (i) If to Equity Holder:   Attn: Cyrus
Hadavi  5933 West Century Blvd.  12th Floor  Los Angeles, CA 90045-5471  
(ii) If to the Company or Parent:   FreeMarkets, Inc.  22nd Floor,
FreeMarkets Center  210 Sixth Avenue  Pittsburgh, PA 15222  Attention: Glen
T. Meakem   In addition, notice by mail must be by air mail if posted
outside of the continental United States. Any party may alter the address to
which communications or copies are to be sent by giving notice of any change
of address to the other party in conformity with the provisions of this
paragraph for the giving of notice.   (c) Binding Nature of Agreement;
Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the Company, Parent and their successors and assigns and shall be binding
upon the Shareholder. The Company may assign this Agreement at any time to
any Affiliate or any successor in interest to the entire business of the
Company, and any such assignee may re-assign this Agreement to any such
entity. The Shareholder may not assign this Agreement.   (d) Execution in
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which will be deemed to be an original and all of which will together
constitute one and the same instrument.   (e) Provisions Separable. The
provisions of this Agreement are independent of and separable from each
other, and no provision will be affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable
by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other or others of them may be
invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part.    4  5   (f) Amendment.
This Agreement may not be modified or amended other than by an agreement in
writing signed by all the parties.   (g) Section Headings. The section
headings in this Agreement are for convenience only; they form no part of
this Agreement and will not affect its interpretation.   (h) Gender, etc.
Words used herein, regardless of the number and gender specifically used,
will be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular or plural,
and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context indicates
is appropriate.   (i) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed
and interpreted in accordance with and governed by the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania excluding its conflicts of laws rules.    
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]     5  6       IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and
delivered as of the date first above written.   FREEMARKETS, INC.   By:
/s/ JOAN HOOPER  ----------------------------  Name: JOAN HOOPER  Title:
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER    ADEXA, INC.   By:
/s/ J. TIMOTHY ROMER  ----------------------------  Name: J. TIMOTHY ROMER 
Title: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER    SHAREHOLDER:   /s/ K. CYRUS HADAVI 
-----------------------------     '

