 PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT   Professional
Services Agreement    This Professional Services Agreement (this
"Agreement") is made as of April 7, 2004, by and among Bear Stearns Merchant
Manager II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("BSMB"), AC Safety
Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Holding"), and AC Safety Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Acquisition"), and Aearo Company I, a
Delaware corporation ("Aearo Company"). Certain capitalized terms used herein
are defined in Section 9 below.   WHEREAS, Aearo Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation"), Holding and Acquisition are
parties to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 10, 2004 (the
"Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which, among other things, Acquisition will
merge with and into the Surviving Corporation (the "Merger"); and  
WHEREAS, Holding and, on behalf of itself, the Surviving
Corporation, Acquisition and Aearo Company desire to retain BSMB with respect
to the services described herein.   NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as
follows:  1. Term. This Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and
shall terminate  (except as provided in the immediately following sentence)
on the earliest  to occur of (a) the consummation of a Qualified Public
Offering, (b) the  consummation of a Realization Event, (c) termination by
BSMB upon 30 days  written notice to Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the
Surviving  Corporation) and (d) the tenth anniversary of the date hereof (the
"Term");  provided, however, that if no Qualified Public Offering or
Realization  Event has been consummated prior to the tenth anniversary, the
Term shall  be automatically extended thereafter on a year to year basis
unless (i)  Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the Surviving Corporation)
provides  written notice to BSMB of its desire to terminate this Agreement or
(ii)  BSMB provides written notice to Acquisition (or, after the Merger, to
the  Surviving Corporation) of its desire to terminate this Agreement, in
each  case, 30 days prior to the expiration of the Term or any extension
thereof;  or at such time as a Qualified Public Offering or Realization Event
is  consummated. The provisions of Sections 3(e), 3(g), 6, 7, 8, 10, 11,
12,  13, 14 and 15 and obligations to pay any outstanding unpaid fees
hereunder  and accrued interest thereon shall survive the termination of
this  Agreement.  2. Services. BSMB shall perform or cause to be performed
such services for  Holding, Acquisition (and, after the Merger, the Surviving
Corporation) and  their respective subsidiaries as mutually agreed by
Holding\'s or  Acquisition\'s (and, after the Merger, the Surviving
Corporation\'s) board of  directors, as the case may be and BSMB, which may
include, without  limitation, the following:   (a) general advisory and
management services;   (b) business development functions, including
identification, support,  negotiation and analysis of acquisitions and
dispositions by Holding,  Acquisition (and, after the Merger, the Surviving
Corporation) and  their respective subsidiaries;   (c) support, negotiation
and analysis of financing alternatives,  including, without limitation, in
connection with acquisitions,  capital expenditures and refinancing of
existing indebtedness;   (d) finance functions, including assistance in the
preparation of  financial projections, and monitoring of compliance with
financing  agreements;   (e) marketing functions, including monitoring of
marketing plans and  strategies;   (f) human resource functions, including
searching, identifying and hiring  of executives and directors; and   (g)
other services for Holding, Acquisition (and, after the Merger, the 
Surviving Corporation) and their respective subsidiaries upon which 
Holding\'s or Acquisition\'s (and, after the Merger, the Surviving 
Corporation\'s) board of directors, as the case may be, and BSMB agree.   
1   3. Advisory Fee.   (a) In consideration of BSMB\'s undertaking to
provide advisory services  hereunder, Acquisition (and, after the Merger, the
Surviving  Corporation) or Aearo Company shall pay BSMB an annual advisory
fee  (the "Advisory Fee") in an aggregate amount for each fiscal year equal 
to the greater of (i) $700,000 and (ii) 1.25% of the Adjusted  Consolidated
EBITDA (as hereinafter defined) for such fiscal year,  calculated as provided
below and payable in arrears in quarterly  installments (based on twelve
30-day months), for the period beginning  on the date hereof and ending upon
the termination of this Agreement  as provided in Section 1 hereof. The
Advisory Fees shall be payable by  Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the
Surviving Corporation) whether  or not Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the
Surviving Corporation)  actually requests that BSMB provide the services
described in Section  2 above.   (b) Except as otherwise provided in
Section 3(d), 3(e) or 3(f) hereof, (i)  the first installment of the Advisory
Fee, for the period beginning on  the date hereof and ending June 30, 2004,
shall be payable on June 30,  2004 (unless otherwise directed by BSMB) in an
amount equal to  $175,000 multiplied by a fraction (A) the numerator of which
is the  actual number of days from and including the date hereof to and 
including June 30, 2004 and (B) the denominator of which is 90, and  (ii) the
second installment of the Advisory Fee, for the period  beginning on July 1,
2004 and ending on September 30, 2004, shall be  payable on September 30,
2004 (unless otherwise directed by BSMB) in  an amount equal to $175,000.  
(c) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(d), 3(e) or 3(f) hereof, all 
subsequent payments of the Advisory Fee shall be in quarterly  installments,
payable in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30  and December 31 of
each year, in an amount equal to the greater of (i)  $175,000 and (ii)
0.3125% of the Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA for the  preceding fiscal year,
based on the audited consolidated financial  statements of Holding and its
subsidiaries for such preceding fiscal  year.   (d) Promptly upon receipt
of its audited consolidated financial statements  for each fiscal year
(commencing with the fiscal year ending September  30, 2004), Holding will
certify the Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA for  the preceding fiscal year to
BSMB.   (i) To the extent that the aggregate installments of the Advisory
Fee  paid to BSMB with respect to such preceding fiscal year exceed  the
greater of (a) $700,000 and (b) 1.25% of the Adjusted  Consolidated EBITDA
for the preceding fiscal year, then  Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the
Surviving Corporation) may  set off the amount of such excess (the "Excess
------- Fee  Amount") against their obligation to pay the next installment
of  the Advisory Fee ---------- (and subsequent installments as  needed to
recover such Excess Fee Amount in full); provided,  however, that for the
fiscal year ending September 30, 2004, only  the excess -------- ------- of
the sum of the first two  installments of the Advisory Fee that exceed the
product of (x) a  fraction (i) the numerator of which is the actual number of
days  from and including the date hereof to and including September 30, 
2004 and (ii) the denominator of which is 180 (such fraction  hereinafter the
"Initial Period Fraction"), multiplied  ----------------------- -----------
by (y) the greater of (i)  $350,000 and (ii) 0.625% of the Adjusted
Consolidated EBITDA --  for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2004 shall
be deemed to  be an Excess Fee Amount for purposes of this Section 3(d)(i). 
---------------   (ii) To the extent that the aggregate installments of the
Advisory Fee  paid to BSMB with respect to such preceding fiscal year are
less  than the greater of (a) $700,000 and (b) 1.25% of the Adjusted 
Consolidated EBITDA for the preceding fiscal year, then  Acquisition (or,
after the Merger, the Surviving Corporation)  shall pay BSMB the amount of
such deficiency at such time as they  are obligated to pay the next
installment of the Advisory Fee;  provided, however, that for the fiscal year
ending September 30,  2004, -------- ------- Acquisition shall only make a
payment  pursuant to this Section 3(d)(ii) to the extent ----------------- 
that the product of (x) the Initial Period Fraction multiplied by  (y) the
greater of -------------- (i) $350,000 and (ii) 0.625% of  the Adjusted
Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal year ending  September 30, 2004 exceeds
the sum of the first two installments  of the Advisory Fee.   2    (e)
Upon the consummation of a Qualified Public Offering, Acquisition (or,  after
the Merger, the Surviving Corporation) or Aearo Company shall be  obligated
to pay to BSMB an amount equal to (i) any accrued but unpaid  Advisory Fee
for the period during which such Qualified Public  Offering is consummated,
plus (ii) the Advisory Fee that would be  payable to BSMB pursuant to this
Section 3 in respect of the next four  successive three-month periods
calculated based on the Advisory Fee  paid or payable for the then current
three-month period.    (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, Acquisition  (or, after the Merger, the Surviving
Corporation) or Aearo Company  shall accrue but not pay the Advisory Fee if
and for so long as (i)  any such payment would constitute a default (or any
event which might,  with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both,
constitute a  default) under Holding\'s and Acquisition\'s (or, after the
Merger, the  Surviving Corporation\'s) financing agreements (a "Default");
provided,  however, that Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the Surviving 
Corporation) or Aearo Company shall be obligated to pay any accrued  Advisory
Fees deferred under this Section 3(f)(i) to the extent that  such payment
would not constitute a Default or (ii) BSMB instructs  Acquisition (or, after
the Merger, the Surviving Corporation) and  Aearo Company not to pay all or
any portion of the Advisory Fee during  any fiscal year. Interest will accrue
on all due and unpaid Advisory  Fees not paid pursuant to clause (i) of the
preceding sentence at the  Default Rate until such Advisory Fees are paid,
and such interest  shall compound annually. The "Default Rate" shall be LIBOR
(as such  term is defined in the Senior Facility) plus 4.25% per annum.  
(g) In addition to the Advisory Fee, Acquisition (on behalf of itself and 
the Surviving Corporation) or Aearo Company shall reimburse BSMB,  promptly
upon request, for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses  incurred by BSMB in
connection with BSMB\'s obligations hereunder,  including, but not limited
to, the fees and expenses paid to  consultants, subcontractors and other
third parties in connection with  such obligations.  4. Transaction
Fees.   (a) Acquisition (on behalf of itself and the Surviving Corporation)
or  Aearo Company hereby agrees to pay to BSMB upon the date hereof a fee 
(the "Closing Fee") for services rendered in connection with securing, 
structuring and negotiating the acquisition, equity and debt  financing,
including but not limited to the Senior Facility, a bridge  loan and a high-
yield offering for the transactions contemplated by  the Merger Agreement and
certain other management services, in an  amount equal to $6,000,000. The
Closing Fee shall be payable by wire  transfer of immediately available funds
to BSMB or one or more of its  designees.   (b) If Holding or Acquisition
(or, after the Merger, the Surviving  Corporation) shall determine that it is
advisable to hire a financial  advisor, consultant, investment banker or any
similar agent in  connection with any transaction (other than a Realization
Event)  relating to (i) an acquisition, divestiture, or other transaction 
(whether by merger, recapitalization or otherwise), (ii) issuance of 
securities (including, without limitation, an initial public offering  by
Holding or any of its subsidiaries) or (iii) a debt or equity  financing, in
each case, by or involving Holding, Acquisition (or,  after the Merger, the
Surviving Corporation) or any of their  subsidiaries, it shall promptly
notify BSMB of such determination in  writing. Promptly thereafter, upon the
request of BSMB, Holding,  Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the Surviving
Corporation) or such  subsidiary, as the case may be, shall hire BSMB or its
Affiliates to  act as a financial advisor to Holding, Acquisition (or, after
the  Merger, the Surviving Corporation) or such subsidiary, as the case may 
be, on a non-exclusive basis in connection with such transaction. At  the
closing of any such transaction, BSMB shall receive a fee (a  "Transaction
Fee") the amount of which shall be agreed to by the  parties in good faith
prior to such closing. In the event the parties  are unable to agree to such
fee, the Transaction Fee shall equal 1.00%  of the aggregate enterprise value
paid or provided by Holding,  Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the
Surviving Corporation), or such  subsidiary, as the case may be (including
the aggregate value of (x)  equity securities, warrants, rights and options
acquired or retained,  (y) indebtedness acquired, assumed or refinanced and
(z) any other  consideration or compensation paid in connection with such 
transaction). In addition, Holding, Acquisition (or, after the Merger,  the
Surviving Corporation) or such subsidiary, as the case may be,  shall
reimburse BSMB, promptly upon request, for all reasonable  out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by BSMB in connection with BSMB\'s  obligations hereunder
in connection with such transaction, including,  but not limited to, the fees
and expenses paid to consultants,  subcontractors and other third parties in
connection with such  obligations. BSMB may assign its rights under this
Section 4(b)  generally or in connection with any actual or prospective
transaction  to any of its affiliates or to any of The Bear Stearns Companies
Inc.  and its subsidiaries.   3     (c) If Holding or Acquisition (or,
after the Merger, the Surviving  Corporation) shall determine that it is
advisable to hire a financial  advisor, consultant, investment banker or any
similar agent in  connection with a Realization Event, it shall promptly
notify BSMB of  such determination in writing. Promptly thereafter, upon the
request  of BSMB, Holding or Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the
Surviving  Corporation), as the case may be, shall hire BSMB or its
Affiliates to  act as a financial advisor to Holding or Acquisition (or,
after the  Merger, the Surviving Corporation) on a non-exclusive basis in 
connection with such Realization Event. Upon the consummation of a 
Realization Event, BSMB shall be entitled to receive from Holdings or 
Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the Surviving Corporation) or Aearo 
Company, as the case may be, a fee (a "Company Sale Fee") equal to  0.65% of
the aggregate enterprise value paid to Holding or Acquisition  (or, after the
Merger, the Surviving Corporation), as the case may be,  in connection with
such Realization Event (including the aggregate  value of (x) equity
securities, warrants, rights and options acquired  or retained, (y)
indebtedness acquired, assumed or refinanced and (z)  any other consideration
or compensation paid in connection with such  transaction).  5. Personnel.
BSMB shall provide and devote to the performance of this  Agreement such
partners, employees and agents of BSMB as BSMB shall deem  appropriate to the
furnishing of the services required.  6. Liability. None of BSMB, any of its
affiliates nor their respective  partners, members, employees or agents
(collectively, the "BSMB Group")  shall be liable to Holding, Acquisition,
the Surviving Corporation or their  subsidiaries or affiliates for any loss,
liability, damage or expense  (collectively, a "Loss") arising out of or in
connection with this  Agreement or the performance of services contemplated
hereunder (including,  without limitation, the performance of services
provided pursuant to  Section 4 above), unless and then only to the extent
that such Loss is  determined by a court in a final order from which no
appeal can be taken,  to have resulted solely from the willful misconduct on
the part of such  member of the BSMB Group. BSMB makes no representations or
warranties,  express or implied, in respect of the services to be provided by
the BSMB  Group. Except as BSMB may otherwise agree in writing on or after
the date  hereof: (a) each member of the BSMB Group shall have the right to,
and  shall have no duty (contractual or otherwise) not to, directly or 
indirectly: (i) engage in the same or similar business activities or lines 
of business as Holding, Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the Surviving 
Corporation) or their respective subsidiaries and (ii) do business with any 
client, customer, supplier, lender or investor of, to or in Holding, 
Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the Surviving Corporation) or their 
respective subsidiaries; (b) no member of the BSMB Group shall be liable to 
Holding, Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the Surviving Corporation) or 
their respective subsidiaries or affiliates for breach of any duty 
(contractual or otherwise) by reason of any such activities or of such 
person\'s participation therein; and (c) in the event that any member of the 
BSMB Group acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or matter that may 
be a corporate opportunity for both (A) Holding, Acquisition (or, after the 
Merger, the Surviving Corporation) or their respective subsidiaries, on the 
one hand, and (B) BSMB, on the other hand, or any other person, no member  of
the BSMB Group shall have any duty (contractual or otherwise) to  communicate
or present such corporate opportunity to Holding, Acquisition  (or, after the
Merger, the Surviving Corporation) or their respective  subsidiaries and,
notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the  contrary, shall not
be liable to Holding, Acquisition (or, after the  Merger, the Surviving
Corporation), their respective subsidiaries or any of  their affiliates for
breach of any duty (contractual or otherwise) by  reasons of the fact that
any member of the BSMB Group directly or  indirectly pursues or acquires such
opportunity for itself, directs such  opportunity to another person, or does
not present such opportunity to  Holding, Acquisition (or, after the Merger,
the Surviving Corporation),  their respective subsidiaries or any of their
affiliates. In no event will  any of the parties hereto be liable to any
other party hereto for any  punitive, exemplary, indirect, special,
incidental or consequential  damages, including lost profits or savings,
whether or not such damages are  foreseeable, or in respect of any
liabilities relating to any third party  claims (whether based in contract,
tort or otherwise) other than for the  Claims (as defined in Section 7)
relating to the services which may be  provided by BSMB hereunder.  7.
Indemnity. Holding, Acquisition (and, after the Merger, the Surviving 
Corporation) and their subsidiaries shall defend, indemnify and hold 
harmless each member of the BSMB Group from and against any and all Losses 
arising from any claim by any person with respect to, or in any way related 
to, this Agreement (including attorneys\' fees) (collectively, "Claims") 
resulting from any act or omission of any member of the BSMB Group except  to
the extent that such Loss is determined by a court in a final order from 
which no appeal can be taken to have resulted solely from the willful   
4    misconduct of such member of the BSMB Group. Holding, Acquisition
(and,  after the Merger, the Surviving Corporation) and their subsidiaries
shall  defend at their own cost and expense any and all suits or actions
(just or  unjust) which may be brought against Holding, Acquisition (or,
after the  Merger, the Surviving Corporation) and their subsidiaries or any
member of  the BSMB Group, or in which any member of the BSMB Group may be
impleaded  with others, upon any Claims, or upon any matter, directly or
indirectly,  related to or arising out of this Agreement or the performance
of the  obligations hereunder by the BSMB Group (including, without
limitation, the  performance of services pursuant to Section 4 above), except
that if such  damage shall be proven to be result solely from the willful
misconduct by a  member of the BSMB Group then such member of the BSMB Group
shall reimburse  Holding and its subsidiaries for the costs of defense and
other costs  incurred by Holding and its subsidiaries. Notwithstanding
anything to the  contrary contained in this Agreement, in no event will the
liability of the  BSMB Group in connection with this Agreement exceed the
aggregate amount of  all Advisory Fees, Closing Fees, Transaction Fees and
Company Sale Fees  paid to BSMB hereunder.  8. Independent Contractor. The
parties acknowledge and agree that BSMB is and  shall act as an independent
contractor of Holding and Acquisition (and,  after the Merger, the Surviving
Corporation) in the performance of its  duties hereunder. BSMB is not, and in
the performance of its duties will  not hold itself out as, an employee,
agent or partner of Holding,  Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the
Surviving Corporation) or any of  their respective subsidiaries.  9.
Notices. All notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered 
personally or mailed by United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to 
the parties as follows:   to Acquisition (and, after the Merger, the
Surviving Corporation) or  Aearo Company:   Aearo Corporation  Aearo
Company I  5457 West 79th Street  Indianapolis, IN 46268  Attention: Mr.
Michael McLain  Tel: (317) 692-6557  Fax: (317) 692-6784    with copies,
which shall not constitute notice; to:   Bear Stearns Merchant Banking  c/o
Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc.  383 Madison Avenue, 40th Floor  New York, New York
10179-5706  Attention: Mr. Douglas R. Korn  Tel.: 212-272-4154  Fax:
212-272-7425   to Holding or BSMB:   Bear Stearns Merchant Manager II,
LLC  c/o Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc.  383 Madison Avenue, 40th Floor  New
York, New York 10179-5706  Attention: Mr. Douglas R. Korn  Tel.:
212-272-4154  Fax: 212-272-7425   with a copy, which shall not constitute
notice, to:   O\'Melveny and Myers LLP  Times Square Tower  7 Times Square 
New York, NY 10036  Attention: Adam Weinstein, Esq.  Tel.: (212) 408-2400 
Fax: (212) 408-2420  10. Certain Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not
otherwise defined  herein shall have the meaning given such term in the
Stockholders\'  Agreement dated as of the date hereof by and among Holding
and the  stockholders party thereto. In addition, for purposes of this
Agreement,  "Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA" means, with respect to any period,
the sum  of (i) Consolidated EBITDA (as such term is defined in the Senior
Facility  on the date hereof), plus (ii) to the extent deducted in arriving
at    5    this Agreement and any fees paid to Vestar Capital Partners
or any of its  Affiliates, in each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, during such
period.  "Senior Facility" means the Credit Agreement dated as of the date
hereof  among Holding, the Surviving Corporation, Aearo Company I, the
Lenders  thereunder, Bear Stearns Corporate Lending, as Syndication Agent,
and  Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Administrative Agent.
"Realization  Event" shall have the meaning given to such term in the 2004
Stock  Incentive Plan.  11. Assignment. Except as provided in Section 4(b),
no party hereto may assign  any obligations hereunder to any other party
without the prior written  consent of the other parties (which consent shall
not be unreasonably  withheld); provided, however, that BSMB may, without the
consent of Holding  or Acquisition (or, after the Merger, the Surviving
Corporation), assign  its rights under this Agreement to any of its
affiliates.  12. No Waiver. The failure of a party to this Agreement to
insist upon strict  adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion
shall not be  considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right
thereafter to insist  upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of
this Agreement. Any  waiver must be in writing.  13. Successors. This
Agreement and all the obligations and benefits hereunder  shall inure to the
successors and permitted assigns of the parties.  14. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed and delivered by each party  hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which when so executed and  delivered shall be deemed
an original and all of which taken together shall  constitute but one and the
same agreement.  15. Entire Agreement; Modification; Governing Law. The
terms and conditions  hereof constitute the entire agreement between the
parties hereto with  respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and
supersede all previous  communications, either oral or written,
representations or warranties of  any kind whatsoever, except as expressly
set forth herein. No modifications  of this Agreement nor waiver of the terms
or conditions thereof shall be  binding upon either party unless approved in
writing by an authorized  representative of such party. All issues concerning
this agreement shall be  governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New  York, without giving effect to any choice of law or
conflict of law  provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any
other  jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the law of any 
jurisdiction other than the State of New York.  16. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE  FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM,  DEMAND, ACTION, OR CAUSE OF
ACTION (A) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR (B)  IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR
RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE  PARTIES HERETO IN RESPECT OF
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS  RELATED HERETO, IN EACH CASE
WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND  WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT,
EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE. EACH PARTY TO THIS  AGREEMENT HEREBY AGREES AND
CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION,  OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE
DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY AND THAT  THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT
MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF  THIS AGREEMENT WITH ANY COURT
AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE  PARTIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF
THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.   * * * * *   6     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have executed this Professional Services Agreement as of the date
first written above.      AC SAFETY HOLDING CORP.     By:  Name: 
Title:    On behalf of itself and, after the Merger, Aearo Corporation, the
Surviving Corporation:   AC SAFETY ACQUISITION CORP.     By:  Name: 
Title:    AEARO Company I     By:  Name: Michael A. McLain  Title:
Chief Executive Officer and  President    BEAR STEARNS MERCHANT MANAGER
II, LLC   By: JDH Management LLC, its Manager,     By:  Name: 
Title:       '

