BIT
2.1  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   BY AND AMONG   INTEGRATED DEFENSE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   T-S ACQUISITION CORP.   AND   TECH-SYM
CORPORATION   DATED AS OF JUNE 27,
2000  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
TABLE OF CONTENTS   ARTICLE I The
Merger...........................................................1  Section
1.1 The Merger..................................................1  Section
1.2 Closing.....................................................1  Section
1.3 Effective Time..............................................2  Section
1.4 Effect of the Merger........................................2  Section
1.5 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws........................2  Section
1.6 Directors and Officers......................................2  ARTICLE
II Effect of the Merger on the Stock of the Constituent Corporations; 
Exchange of Certificates.................................................2 
Section 2.1 Effect on Stock.............................................2 
Section 2.2 Exchange of Certificates....................................3 
Section 2.3 Employee and Director Stock
Options.........................4  ARTICLE III Shareholder
Approval...............................................5  Section 3.1
Shareholder Approval........................................5  ARTICLE IV
Representations and Warranties of Target............................5 
Section 4.1 Organization, Qualification, Etc............................5 
Section 4.2 Capitalization..............................................5 
Section 4.3. Corporate Authority Relative to this Agreement;  No
Violation................................................7  Section 4.4
Reports and Financial Statements............................7  Section 4.5 No
Undisclosed Liabilities..................................8  Section 4.6 No
Violation of Law.........................................8  Section 4.7
Environmental Laws and Regulations..........................8  Section 4.8
Employee Benefit Matters....................................8  Section 4.9
Absence of Certain Changes or Events.......................10  Section 4.10
Investigations; Litigation.................................11  Section 4.11
Proxy Statement............................................11  Section 4.12
Certain Business Practices.................................11  Section 4.13
Lack of Ownership of Acquiror Common Shares................12  Section 4.14
Tax Matters................................................12  Section 4.15
Opinion of Financial Advisor...............................13  Section 4.16
Required Vote of Target Stockholders.......................13  Section 4.17
Intellectual Property......................................13  Section 4.18
Severance Payments.........................................13  Section 4.19
Title to Properties........................................13  ARTICLE V
Representations and Warranties of Acquiror and Sub..................14 
Section 5.1 Organization, Qualification, Etc...........................14 
Section 5.2 Corporate Authority Relative to this Agreement; No 
Violation..................................................14  Section 5.3
Litigation.................................................15  Section 5.4
Proxy Statement............................................15  Section 5.5
Lack of Ownership of Target Common Stock...................15  Section 5.6 No
Required Vote of Acquiror Shareholders..................15  Section 5.7 No
Financing Necessary.....................................15   -ii-  ARTICLE
VI Covenants and Agreements...........................................16 
Section 6.1 Conduct of Business by Target..............................16 
Section 6.2 Investigation..............................................17 
Section 6.3 Cooperation................................................18 
Section 6.4 Employee Benefit Plans.....................................18 
Section 6.5 Filings; Other Action......................................18 
Section 6.6 Further Assurances.........................................19 
Section 6.7 Anti-takeover Statute......................................19 
Section 6.8 No Solicitation by Target..................................19 
Section 6.9 Public Announcements.......................................20 
Section 6.10 Indemnification of Directors and Officers..................21 
Section 6.11 Additional Reports.........................................22 
Section 6.12 Accounting Treatment.......................................22 
Section 6.13 Update Disclosure:
Breaches................................22  ARTICLE VII Conditions to the
Merger..........................................23  Section 7.1 Conditions to
Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the 
Merger.....................................................23  Section 7.2
Conditions to Obligations of Target to Effect the Merger...23  Section 7.3
Conditions to Obligations of Acquiror to Effect the Merger.23  ARTICLE VIII
Termination, Waiver, Amendment and Closing.......................24  Section
8.1 Termination or Abandonment.................................24  Section
8.2 Termination Fee............................................25  ARTICLE
IX Miscellaneous......................................................25 
Section 9.1 Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties.............25 
Section 9.2 Expenses...................................................26 
Section 9.3 Counterparts: Effectiveness................................26 
Section 9.4 Governing Law..............................................26 
Section 9.5 Notices....................................................26 
Section 9.6. Assignment; Binding Effect.................................27 
Section 9.7. Severability...............................................27 
Section 9.8. Miscellaneous..............................................27 
Section 9.9. Headings...................................................28 
Section 9.10. Subsidiaries: Significant Subsidiaries; Affiliates........28 
Section 9.11. Finders or Brokers........................................28 
Section 9.12. Amendment.................................................28 
Section 9.13. Waiver....................................................28 
Section 9.14. Third Party Beneficiaries.................................30  
-iii-   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER,
dated as of June 27, 2000 (this "Agreement"), is among INTEGRATED DEFENSE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. ("Acquiror"), T-S ACQUISITION CORP. ("Sub"), and TECH-SYM
CORPORATION ("Target").   WHEREAS, Target is a corporation duly organized
and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, Acquiror is a corporation
duly organized and existing under the laws of Delaware and Sub is a
corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada
and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquiror;   WHEREAS, the Board of
Directors of Target has established a special committee of the Board of
Directors (the "Special Committee") to consider proposals to sell Target and
to take any and all action to approve and effectuate the sale of Target;  
WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Acquiror and Sub and the
Special Committee of the Board of Directors of Target have approved and have
declared advisable the merger of Sub with and into Target (the "Merger"),
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, whereby each
issued and outstanding share of the common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
of Target ("Target Common Stock") not owned directly by Target or Acquiror
will be converted into the right to receive cash of $30.00;   WHEREAS, for
financial accounting purposes, the parties acknowledge that the Merger will
be accounted for as a purchase;   WHEREAS, the parties desire to make
certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection
with the Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger;
and   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions
and covenants contained in this Agreement, the parties hereby agree as
follows:   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER   Section 1.1. THE MERGER. Upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in
accordance with Chapter 92A of the Nevada Revised Statutes ("Nevada Law"),
Sub shall be merged with and into Target at the Effective Time (as defined in
Section 1.3). Following the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence
of Sub shall cease and Target shall be the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation") and shall continue its corporate existence under the
laws of the State of Nevada.   Section 1.2. CLOSING. The closing of the
Merger (the "Closing") will take place at such time and date to be specified
by the parties (the "Closing Date"), which shall be no later than the second
business day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in
Article VII, unless another time or date is agreed to by the parties hereto.
The Closing will be held at the offices of Target in the city of Houston,
Texas or as otherwise agreed to by the parties hereto.   Section 1.3.
EFFECTIVE TIME. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement and in accordance
with Nevada Law, as soon as practicable on the Closing Date, the parties
shall file Articles of Merger (the "Articles of Merger") with the Secretary
of State of the State of Nevada, in such form as required by, and executed
and acknowledged in accordance with the relevant provisions of, Nevada Law.
The Merger shall become effective at the later of the date of filing of
the Articles of Merger or at such time within 90 days of the date of filing
as is specified in the Articles of Merger (the "Effective Time").   Section
1.4. EFFECT OF THE MERGER. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in the applicable provisions of Nevada Law. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at
the Effective Time, except as otherwise provided herein, all the properties,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Sub and Target shall vest in the
Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of Sub and
Target shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving
Corporation.   Section 1.5. ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS. At the
Effective Time:   (a) the articles of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation shall be amended and restated to adopt the articles of
incorporation of Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time
until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable
law.   (b) the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and
restated to adopt the bylaws of Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by
applicable law.   Section 1.6. DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. The directors and
officers of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified (or their earlier resignation or
removal), as the case may be.   ARTICLE II   EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE
STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS;  EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES   Section
2.1. EFFECT ON STOCK. As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of Sub, Target or the holders of
any securities of Target or Sub:   (a) CANCELLATION OF TARGET-OWNED STOCK
AND ACQUIROR-OWNED STOCK. Each share of Target Common Stock that is owned
directly by Target as treasury stock or by Acquiror shall automatically be
canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be
delivered in exchange therefor.   (b) CONVERSION OF TARGET COMMON STOCK.
Subject to Section 2.2(f), each share of Target Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to be
canceled in accordance with Section 2.1(a)) shall be converted into the right
to receive $30.00 in cash (the "Merger Consideration"). As of the Effective
Time, all such shares of Target Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding
and shall automatically be canceled and   -2-  retired and shall cease to
exist, and each holder of a certificate or certificates which immediately
prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding Target Common Shares (the
"Certificates") shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except
the right to receive cash in an amount equal to the product that is obtained
by multiplying (A) the Merger Consideration by (B) the whole number of shares
of Target Common Stock surrendered.   (c) CONVERSION OF COMMON STOCK OF SUB.
Each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
of Sub shall be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.   Section
2.2. EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES. (a) EXCHANGE AGENT. As of the Effective Time,
Acquiror shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to Continental Stock
Transfer and Trust Company, or another bank or trust company designated by it
(the "Exchange Agent"), for the benefit of the holders of shares of
Target Common Stock for exchange in accordance with this Article II, funds
sufficient to make payment of the Merger Consideration payable pursuant to
Section 2.1(b). Such funds, referred to in the preceding sentence, are
hereafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund".   (b) NOTICE OF EXCHANGE. As
soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent
shall mail to each holder of record of a Certificate whose shares were
converted into the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 2.1, (i) a letter
of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk
of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in such form and have such
other provisions as Acquiror and Target may reasonably specify) and (ii)
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in
exchange for the Merger Consideration.   (c) EXCHANGE PROCEDURES. Upon
surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together
with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, and such other documents as
may reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the holder of such
Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a check payable
to the order of such holder representing payment of the Merger Consideration
for each share of Target Common Stock evidenced by the
Certificate surrendered and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be
canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Target Common Stock
which is not registered in the transfer records of Target, cash may be paid
to a person other than the person in whose name the Certificate so
surrendered is registered if such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or
otherwise be in proper form for transfer. Until surrendered as contemplated
by this Section 2.2, each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the
Effective Time to represent only the right to receive, upon such surrender,
the Merger Consideration. No interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash
payable to holders of Certificates pursuant to the provisions of this Article
II.   (d) NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN TARGET COMMON STOCK. All
Merger Consideration paid upon the surrender for exchange of Certificates in
accordance with the terms of this Article II shall be deemed to have been
paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of Target
Common Stock theretofore represented by such Certificates. There shall be no
further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the
Surviving Corporation of the shares of Target Common Stock which were
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective   -3-  Time. If, after the
Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or
the Exchange Agent for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as
provided in this Article II, except as otherwise provided by law.   (e)
TERMINATION OF EXCHANGE FUND. Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains
undistributed to the holders of the Certificates for six months after the
Effective Time shall be delivered to Acquiror, upon demand, and any
holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this
Article II shall thereafter look only to Acquiror for payment of their claim
for Merger Consideration.   (f) NO LIABILITY. None of Acquiror, Target, Sub
or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any person in respect of any cash
from the Exchange Fund delivered to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. If any Certificate
shall not have been surrendered prior to five years after the Effective Time
(or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any Merger Consideration,
payable to the holder of such Certificate would otherwise escheat to or
become the property of any governmental body or authority) any such Merger
Consideration shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, become the
property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear of all claims or
interest of any person previously entitled thereto.   (g) INVESTMENT OF
EXCHANGE FUND. The Exchange Agent shall invest the Exchange Fund, as directed
by Acquiror, on a daily basis. Any interest and other income resulting from
such investments shall be paid to Acquiror.   (h) LOST CERTIFICATES. If any
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the
posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable amount as the Surviving
Corporation may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against Acquiror, Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent with respect to
such Certificate, the Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost,
stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration pursuant to this
Agreement.   Section 2.3. EMPLOYEE AND DIRECTOR STOCK OPTIONS. At the
Effective Time, automatically and without any action on the part of the
holder thereof, each option (a "Target Plan Option") to purchase shares of
Target Common Stock granted under the Target Stock Option Plans (as defined
in Section 4.2(c)) which remains as of such time unexercised in whole or in
part shall be cancelled, and each holder of a Target Plan Option (whether or
not such Target Plan Option is then vested or exercisable) shall be entitled
to receive from the Surviving Corporation for each Target Plan Option an
amount in cash, without interest, equal to the amount determined by
multiplying (A) the number of shares of Target Common Stock subject to such
Target Plan Option by (B) the positive difference, if any, obtained by
subtracting the option exercise price for such Target Plan Option from the
Merger Consideration. Promptly after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall pay to such holder of a Target Plan Option an
amount determined in accordance with the preceding sentence.   -4-  
ARTICLE III   SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL   Section 3.1. SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL.
Target shall call and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the "Target
Meeting") as promptly as practicable for the purposes of obtaining the
approval of the Merger and this Agreement by the stockholders of Target
required under Nevada Law (the "Target Stockholder Approval").   ARTICLE
IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TARGET   Target represents and
warrants to Acquiror and Sub that:   Section 4.1. ORGANIZATION,
QUALIFICATION, ETC. Target is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada and has the
corporate power and authority to own its properties and assets and to carry
on its business as it is now being conducted and is duly qualified to do
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the ownership
of its properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification,
except for jurisdictions in which such failure to be so qualified or to be in
good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect (as hereinafter defined) on Target. As used in this Agreement,
any reference to any state of facts, event, change or effect having
a "Material Adverse Effect" on or with respect to Target means such state
of facts, event, change or effect that has had, or would reasonably be
expected to have, a material adverse effect on the financial condition of
Target and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after taking into account any
positive facts, events, changes or effects that may occur after the date of
this Agreement. A Material Adverse Effect shall not be deemed to include (i)
any material adverse change affecting the United States economy generally or
the results of operations or business prospects of Target or its Subsidiaries
after the date of this Agreement, (ii) any failure to have accepted, or any
delay in the expected acceptance date of, any proposal or bid made by Target
or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to new business prospects or (iii)
any change in the market price of the Target Common Stock. The copies of
Target\'s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws which have been delivered to
Acquiror are complete and correct and in full force and effect on the date
hereof. Each of Target\'s Subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization, has the power and authority to own its
properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is
duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the ownership of its property or the conduct of its business requires
such qualification, except for jurisdictions in which such failure to be so
qualified or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Target.   Section 4.2.
CAPITALIZATION. (a) (a) The authorized stock of Target consists of 20,000,000
shares of Target Common Stock and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par
value $0.01 per share ("Target Preferred Stock"). As of June 23, 2000,
5,796,451 shares of Target Common Stock, exclusive of 2,354,280 treasury
shares, and no shares of Target Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding.
Except for the issuance of shares of Target Common Stock pursuant to  
-5-  the Target Stock Option Plans, since March 31, 2000, no shares of
Target Common Stock or Target Preferred Stock have been issued. All the
outstanding shares of Target Common Stock have been validly issued and are
fully paid and non-assessable.   (b) Target is not a party to, nor is aware
of, any voting agreement, voting trust or similar agreement or arrangement
relating to any class or series of its capital stock, or any agreement or
arrangement providing for registration rights with respect to any capital
stock or other securities of Target.   (c) As of the date hereof, there were
outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 843,320 shares of Target
Common Stock under the Target Corporation 1990 Stock Option Plan and 1998
Equity Incentive Plan (collectively, the "Target Stock Option Plans"), all of
which are set forth on Schedule 4.2(c). Other than as set forth in this
Section 4.2 and on Schedule 4.2(c), there are not now, and at the Effective
Time there will not be, any (i) shares of capital stock or other equity
securities of Target outstanding other than Target Common Stock issuable
pursuant to the exercise of the stock options described in this
Section 4.2(c), (ii) other outstanding awards under the Target Stock Option
Plans, or (iii) outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe
for, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for, shares of any
class of capital stock of Target, or contracts, understandings or
arrangements to which Target is a party, or by which it is or may be bound,
to issue additional shares of its capital stock or options, warrants, scrip
or rights to subscribe for, or securities or rights convertible into or
exchangeable for, any additional shares of its capital stock.   (d) Except
as set forth on Schedule 4.2(d)(i), all outstanding shares of capital stock
of Target\'s Subsidiaries (i) are owned by Target or a wholly
owned Subsidiary of Target, free and clear of all liens, charges,
encumbrances, adverse claims and options of any nature, (ii) were duly
authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, and (iii)
have not been issued in violation of any preemptive rights. Except as set
forth on Schedule 4.2(d)(ii), there are not now, and at the Effective Time
there will not be, any outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to
subscribe for, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for, shares of any
class of capital stock of any Subsidiary of Target, or contracts,
understandings or arrangements to which Target or any Subsidiary of Target is
a party, or by which any of them is or may be bound, to issue additional
shares of its capital stock or options, warrants, scrip or rights to
subscribe for, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for,
any additional shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary of Target. There are
not now, and at the Effective Time there will not be, any outstanding
contractual obligations of Target or any Subsidiary of Target to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any outstanding shares of capital stock or other
ownership interests of any such Subsidiary or to provide funds to or make any
investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any
such Subsidiary or any other entity.   (e) Except for the Subsidiaries of
Target set forth on Schedule 4.2(e) hereto, Target does not, directly or
indirectly, own of record or beneficially, or have the right or obligation to
acquire, any outstanding securities or other interest in any corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other entity.   -6-   Section 4.3. CORPORATE
AUTHORITY RELATIVE TO THIS AGREEMENT; NO VIOLATION. Target has the corporate
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its
obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly authorized by the Special Committee of Target and, except for the
approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger by the stockholders of
Target, no other corporate proceedings on the part of Target are necessary
to authorize this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The
Special Committee of Target has determined that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are in the best interest of Target and its stockholders.
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Target
and, assuming this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the
other parties hereto, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
agreement of Target, enforceable against Target in accordance with its terms
(except insofar as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors\'
rights generally, or by principles governing the availability of equitable
remedies). Except as set forth on Schedule 4.3, Target is not subject to or
obligated under any charter, bylaw or contract provision or any licenses,
franchise or permit, or subject to any order or decree, which would be
breached or violated by its executing or carrying out this Agreement. Other
than in connection with or in compliance with the provisions of Nevada Law,
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act")
(collectively, the "Target Required Approvals"), no authorization, consent or
approval of, or filing with, any governmental body or authority is necessary
for the consummation by Target of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   Section 4.4. REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Target has
timely filed all reports, registration statements and other filings, together
with any amendments required to be made with respect thereto, that it has
been required to file with the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act since January 1, 1997. All reports, registration statements and other
filings (including all notes, exhibits and schedules thereto and documents
incorporated by reference therein) filed by Target with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") since January 1, 1997 through the date of
this Agreement, together with any amendments thereto, are collectively
referred to as the "Target SEC Reports." As of the respective dates of their
filing with the SEC, the Target SEC Reports complied in all material respects
with the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of
the SEC thereunder, and did not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. Each of the consolidated
financial statements (including any related notes or schedules) included in
the Target SEC Reports was prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis (except as may
be noted therein or in the notes or schedules thereto) and complied with
the rules and regulations of the SEC, and such consolidated financial
statements fairly present the consolidated financial position of Target and
its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the results of operations, cash
flows and changes in stockholders\' equity for the periods then ended
(subject, in the case of the unaudited interim financial statements, to
normal year-end audit adjustments on a basis consistent with past
periods).   -7-   Section 4.5. NO UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. Except as set
forth on Schedule 4.5, neither Target nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether or not accrued, contingent
or otherwise, except (a) liabilities or obligations reflected in any of the
Target SEC Reports, (b) liabilities incurred after March 31, 2000 in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, (c) the
obligation to pay fees and expenses of Target\'s attorneys and accountants
and of Quarterdeck Investment Partners, Inc. relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and (d) liabilities or obligations which would
not have, or would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Target.   Section 4.6. NO VIOLATION
OF LAW. The businesses of Target and its Subsidiaries are not being conducted
in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental body or
authority (provided that no representation or warranty is made in this
Section 4.6 with respect to Environmental Laws (as hereinafter defined))
except (a) as described in any of the Target SEC Reports and (b) for
violations or possible violations which would not have, or would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Target and its Subsidiaries.   Section 4.7. ENVIRONMENTAL
LAWS AND REGULATIONS. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 or as, in the
aggregate, have not had or would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Target and its Subsidiaries, (i) have obtained all
applicable permits, licenses and other authorizations which are required
under foreign, federal, state or local laws relating to pollution or
protection of the environment, including laws relating to
emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of pollutants,
contaminants, or hazardous or toxic materials or wastes into ambient air,
surface water, ground water or land or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage disposal, transport or
handling of pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic materials or
wastes by Target or its Subsidiaries (or their respective agents); (ii) are
in compliance with all terms and conditions of such required permits,
licenses and authorizations, and also are in compliance with all other
limitations, restrictions, conditions, standards, prohibitions, requirement,
obligations, schedules and timetables contained in such laws or contained in
any regulation, code, plan, order, decree, judgment, notice or demand letter
issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder; and (iii) as of the date
hereof, are not aware of nor have received written notice of any event,
condition, circumstance, activity, practice, incident, action or plan which
is reasonably likely to interfere with or prevent continued compliance with
or which would give rise to any common law or statutory liability, or
otherwise form the basis of any claim, action, suit or proceeding, based on
or resulting from Target\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling or the emission, discharge or release into the environment, of any
pollutant, contaminant, or hazardous or toxic material or waste.   Section
4.8. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT MATTERS. (a) (a) Target has made available to Acquiror
copies of each of the following (individually, a "Target Benefit Plan," and
collectively, the "Target Benefit Plans") which is sponsored, maintained or
contributed to by Target or any of its Subsidiaries for the benefit of the
employees of Target or any of its Subsidiaries, or has been so sponsored,
maintained or contributed to within six years prior to the date of this
Agreement:   -8-   (i) each "employee benefit plan," as such term is
defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), (including, but not limited to, employee benefit
plans which are not subject to the provisions of ERISA);   (ii) each
personnel policy, stock option plan, collective bargaining agreement, bonus
plan or arrangement, incentive award plan or arrangement, vacation policy,
severance pay plan, policy, or agreement, deferred compensation agreement or
arrangement, executive compensation or supplemental income arrangement,
consulting agreement, employment agreement, and each other employee benefit
plan, agreement, arrangement, program, practice, or understanding which is
not described in Section 4.8(a)(i).   (b) There has been furnished to
Acquiror, with respect to each Target Benefit Plan required to file such
report and description, the most recent report on Form 5500 and the summary
plan description.   (c) Neither Target nor its Subsidiaries contribute to or
have an obligation to contribute to, and have not at any time within six
years prior to the date of this Agreement contributed to or had an obligation
to contribute to, any employee benefit plan that is subject to Section 302 of
ERISA, Section 412 of the Code, or Title IV of ERISA (including, without
limitation, a multi employer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) of
ERISA).   (d) Except as otherwise set forth on Schedule 4.8 or as would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on Target (excluding for purposes of applying the
foregoing standard of materiality the representation in clause (vii) which
shall not be subject to any standard of materiality):   (i) Target and its
Subsidiaries have substantially performed all obligations, whether arising by
operation of law or by contract, required to be performed by them in
connection with the Target Benefit Plans, and, to the knowledge of the
officers and directors of Target, there have been no defaults or violations
by any other party to the Target Benefit Plans;   (ii) Each Target Benefit
Plan has been administered and operated in substantial compliance with its
governing documents and applicable law, including, where applicable, ERISA
and the Code;   (iii) Each Target Benefit Plan intended to be qualified
under Section 401 of the Code (A) satisfies in form the requirements of such
Section except to the extent amendments are not required by law to be made
until a date after the Closing Date, (B) has received a favorable
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service regarding such
qualified status, (C) has not, since receipt of the most recent favorable
determination letter, been amended, except for amendments for which the
period for requesting a favorable determination letter has not expired, and
(D) has not been operated in a way that would adversely affect its qualified
status;   (iv) There are no actions, suits, or claims pending (other
than routine claims for benefits) or, to the knowledge of the officers and
directors of Target, threatened against, or with respect to, any of the
Target Benefit Plans or their assets;   -9-   (v) No act, omission or
transaction has occurred which would result in imposition on Target or any of
its Subsidiaries of (A) breach of fiduciary duty liability damages under
Section 409 of ERISA, (B) a civil penalty assessed pursuant to subsections
(c), (i) or (1) of Section 502 of ERISA, or (C) a tax imposed pursuant to
Chapter 43 of Subtitle D of the Code;   (vi) There is no matter pending
(other than routine qualification determination filings) with respect to any
of the Target Benefit Plans before any governmental authority;   (vii) With
respect to any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of
ERISA, which is not a Target Benefit Plan but which is sponsored, maintained,
or contributed to, or has been sponsored, maintained, or contributed to
within six years prior to the date of this Agreement, by Target or any
corporation, trade, business, or entity under common control with
Target, within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m), or (o) of the Code or
Section 4001 of ERISA ("Target Commonly Controlled Entity"), (A) no
withdrawal liability, within the meaning of Section 4201 of ERISA, has been
incurred, which withdrawal liability has not been satisfied, (B) no liability
to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation has been incurred by any Target
Commonly Controlled Entity, which liability has not been satisfied, (C) no
accumulated funding deficiency, whether or not waived, within the meaning of
Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code has been incurred, and (D)
all contributions (including installments) to such plan required by Section
302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code have been timely made; and  
(viii) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby will not (A) require Target or any of
its Subsidiaries to make a larger contribution to, or pay greater benefits or
provide other rights under, any Target Benefit Plan than it otherwise would,
whether or not some other subsequent action or event would be required to
cause such payment or provision to be triggered, or (B) except as provided in
Section 6.4, create or give rise to any additional vested rights or service
credits under any Target Benefit Plan.   (e) Except as otherwise set forth
in Schedule 4.8 or as will be provided to Acquiror prior to the Closing Date,
neither Target nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any agreement, nor
has any such entity established any policy or practice, requiring it to make
a payment or provide any other form of compensation or benefit to any person
performing services for such entity upon termination of such services which
would not be payable or provided in the absence of the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (f) In connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, no payments
of money or other property, acceleration of benefits, or provisions of other
rights have or will be made hereunder, under any agreement contemplated
herein, or under the Target Benefit Plans that would be reasonably likely to
result in imposition of the sanctions imposed under Sections 2806 and 4999 of
the Code, whether or not some other subsequent action or event would be
required to cause such payment, acceleration, or provision to be
triggered.   Section 4.9. ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS. Since March
31, 2000, except as contemplated by this Agreement, except as disclosed in
the Target SEC Reports or as set forth in   -10-  Schedule 4.9 and except
as permitted pursuant to Section 6.1, Target and its Subsidiaries have
conducted their business only in the ordinary and usual course, and there has
not been (i) any Material Adverse Effect on Target; (ii) any material change
by Target in its accounting methods, principles or practices; (iii) any
revaluation by Target or any of its Subsidiaries of any of their respective
assets, including, without limitation, writing down the value of inventory or
writing off notes or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of
business; (iv) any entry by Target or any of its Subsidiaries into any
commitment or transaction material to Target and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole; (v) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividends or
distributions in respect of Target Common Stock or any redemption,
purchase or other acquisition of any of its securities or any securities of
any of its Subsidiaries; (vi) any damage, destruction or loss (whether or not
covered by insurance) materially adversely affecting the properties or
business of Target and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (vii) any increase
in indebtedness for borrowed money other than an increase as a result of
borrowings incurred in the ordinary course of business; (viii) any granting
of a security interest in or lien on any material property or assets of
Target and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (ix) any increase in or
establishment of any bonus, insurance, severance, deferred compensation,
pension, retirement, profit sharing, stock option (including, without
limitation, the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights,
performance awards or restricted stock awards), stock purchase or other
employee benefit plan or any other increase in the compensation payable or to
become payable to any officers or key employees of Target or any of its
Subsidiaries other than those that are required under existing contractual
arrangements.   Section 4.10. INVESTIGATIONS; LITIGATION. Except as
described in any of the Target SEC Reports or as set forth in Schedule 4.10,
and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Target:   (a) no
investigation or review by any governmental body or authority with respect to
Target or any of its Subsidiaries is pending nor has any governmental body or
authority notified Target in writing of an intention to conduct the same;
and   (b) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending (or, to
the knowledge of Target\'s officers and directors, threatened) against or
affecting Target or its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective properties
at law or in equity, or before any federal, state, local or foreign
governmental body or authority.   Section 4.11. PROXY STATEMENT. None of
the information with respect to Target or its Subsidiaries to be included in
the proxy statement (the "Proxy Statement") to be furnished in connection
with the Target Meeting (as defined in Section 3.1), at the time of the
mailing of the Proxy Statement or any amendments or supplements thereto,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading, except that no representation is made by Target with respect
to information supplied in writing by Acquiror or any affiliate of Acquiror
specifically for inclusion in the Proxy Statement.   Section 4.12. CERTAIN
BUSINESS PRACTICES. None of Target, or any of its Subsidiaries or any
director, officer or employee of Target, or any of its Subsidiaries has, in
furtherance of any   -11-  business of Target: (i) used any funds for
unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful payments
relating to political activity or (ii) made any unlawful payment to any
foreign or domestic government official or employee or to any foreign or
domestic political party or campaign or violated any provision of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the "FCPA").   Section 4.13.
LACK OF OWNERSHIP OF ACQUIROR COMMON SHARES. None of Target nor any of its
Subsidiaries own any Acquiror Common Shares or other securities convertible
into Acquiror Common Shares.   Section 4.14. TAX MATTERS. Except as set
forth in Section 4.14, (a) all federal, state, local and foreign Tax Returns
required to be filed by or on behalf of Target, each of its Subsidiaries, and
each affiliated, combined, consolidated or unitary group of which Target or
any of its Subsidiaries (i) is a member (a "Current Target Group") or (ii)
has been a member within six years prior to the date hereof but is not
currently a member, but only insofar as any such Tax Return relates to a
taxable period which includes Target or any of its Subsidiaries and which
ends on a date within the last six years (a "Past Target Group", together
with Current Target Groups, an "Target Affiliated Group") have been timely
filed, and all such Tax Returns filed are complete and accurate except to the
extent any failure to file or any inaccuracies in such filed Tax Returns
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on Target. All Taxes due and owing by Target, any Subsidiary of Target or any
Target Affiliated Group have been paid, or adequately reserved for, except to
the extent any failure to pay or reserve would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Target. There is no
audit examination, deficiency, refund litigation, proposed adjustment or
matter in controversy with respect to any Taxes due and owing by Target, any
Subsidiary of Target or any Target Affiliated Group which would, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Target. All
assessments for Taxes due and owing by Target, any Subsidiary of Target or
any Target Affiliated Group with respect to completed and settled
examinations or concluded litigation have been paid. As soon as practicable
after the public announcement of this Agreement, Target will provide Acquiror
with written schedules of (i) the taxable years of Target for which the
statutes of limitations with respect to federal income Taxes, have not
expired, and (ii) with respect to federal income Taxes those years for which
examinations have been completed, those years for which examinations are
presently being conducted, and those years for which examinations have not
yet been initiated. Target and each of its Subsidiaries has complied with all
rules and regulations relating to the withholding of Taxes, except to the
extent any such failure to comply would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Target.   For purposes of this
Agreement: (i) "Taxes" means any and all federal, state, local, foreign or
other taxes of any kind (together with any and all interest, penalties,
additions to tax and additional amounts imposed with respect thereto) imposed
by any taxing authority, including, without limitation, taxes or other
charges on or with respect to income, franchises, windfall or other profits,
gross receipts, property, sales, use, capital stock, payroll, employment,
social security, workers\' compensation, unemployment compensation, or net
worth, and taxes or other charges in the nature of excise, withholding, ad
valorem or value added, and (ii) "Tax Return" means any return, report
or similar statement (including the attached schedules) required to be filed
with respect to any Tax, including, without limitation, any information
return, claim   -12-  for refund, amended return or declaration of
estimated Tax.   Section 4.15. OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR. The Special
Committee of Target has received the opinion of Quarterdeck Investment
Partners, Inc., dated the date of this Agreement, a copy of which will be
provided to Acquiror prior to the Closing Date, to the effect that, as of the
date of this Agreement, the Merger Consideration is fair to Target\'s
stockholders from a financial point of view.   Section 4.16. REQUIRED VOTE
OF TARGET STOCKHOLDERS. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
the Target Common Stock present in person or by proxy at a duly called
meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is present is the only vote of the
holders of any class or series of capital stock of Target required to approve
the Merger and this Agreement. No other vote of the stockholders or directors
of Target is required by law, the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of
Target or otherwise in order for Target to consummate the Merger and the
transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 4.17. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
Target and its Subsidiaries own, or hold licenses under or otherwise have the
right to use or sublicense, all foreign and domestic patents, trademarks
(common law and registered), trademark registration applications, service
marks (common law and registered), service mark registration applications,
trade names and copyrights, copyright applications, trade secrets, know-how
and other proprietary information as Target reasonably believes are necessary
for the conduct of the business of Target and its Subsidiaries as currently
conducted. Neither Target nor any of its Subsidiaries is currently in receipt
of any notice of infringement or notice of conflict with the asserted rights
of others in any patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade
secrets and copyrights owned or held by other persons, except, in each case,
for matters that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Target. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will violate or
breach the terms of or cause any cancellation of any material license held by
Target or any of its Subsidiaries under, any patent, trademark, service mark,
trade name, trade secret or copyright.   Section 4.18. SEVERANCE PAYMENTS.
Except as set forth in Schedule 4.18, none of Target nor any of its
Subsidiaries will owe a severance payment or similar obligation to any of
their respective employees, officers or directors as a result of the Merger
or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any of such
persons be entitled to severance payments or other benefits as a result of
the Merger or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the event of
the subsequent termination of their employment.   Section 4.19. TITLE TO
PROPERTIES. Target and its Subsidiaries, individually or together, have good
and marketable title to all of the properties reflected in Target\'s
consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2000 (the "Consolidated Balance
Sheet"), other than any properties reflected in Target\'s Consolidated
Balance Sheet that (i) have been sold or otherwise disposed of since the date
of Target\'s Consolidated Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or (ii) are not, individually or in the
aggregate, material to Target and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, free
and clear of security interests or liens, other than liens the existence of
which is set forth in Schedule 4.19 or is reflected in Target\'s Consolidated
Financial Statements, other than mechanics\' and materialmen\'s liens and
other liens and   -13-  encumbrances that would not significantly
interfere with the current use of such properties or that would not
materially detract from their value. Target and its Subsidiaries,
individually or together, hold under valid lease agreements all real and
personal properties reflected in Target\'s Consolidated Balance Sheet
as being held under capitalized leases, and all real and personal property
that is subject to operating leases, and enjoy peaceful and undisturbed
possession of such properties under such leases, other than (i) any
properties as to which such leases have expired in accordance with their
terms without any liability of any party thereto since the date of Target\'s
Consolidated Balance Sheet and (ii) any properties that, individually or in
the aggregate, are not material to Target and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole. Neither Target nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written
notice of any adverse claim to the title to any properties owned by them or
with respect to any lease under which any properties are held by them, other
than any claims that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on Target.   Section 4.20. BOARD RECOMMENDATION. As
of the date of this Agreement, the Special Committee has recommended that the
stockholders of Target vote for the adoption of this Agreement, subject to
Section 6.8.   ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ACQUIROR AND
SUB   Acquiror and Sub represent and warrant to Target that:   Section
5.1. ORGANIZATION, QUALIFICATION, ETC. Acquiror is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware and Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the state of Nevada and each has
the corporate power and authority to own its properties and assets and to
carry on its business as it is now being conducted and is duly qualified to
do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the
ownership of its properties or the conduct of its business requires such
qualification, except for jurisdictions in which such failure to be so
qualified or to be in good standing would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Acquiror. The copies of
Acquiror\'s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and Sub\'s Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws, which have been delivered to Target, are complete
and correct and in full force and effect on the date hereof.   Section 5.2.
CORPORATE AUTHORITY RELATIVE TO THIS AGREEMENT; NO VIOLATION. Each of
Acquiror and Sub has the corporate power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by the Board of
Directors of Acquiror and the Board of Directors of Sub and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of Acquiror or Sub are necessary to
authorize this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Acquiror and
Sub and, assuming this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding Agreement of
the other parties hereto, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
agreement of Acquiror and Sub, enforceable against each of them in accordance
with its terms (except insofar as enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,   -14-  moratorium or similar
laws affecting creditors\' rights generally, or by principles governing the
availability of equitable remedies). Neither Acquiror nor Sub is subject to
or obligated under any charter, by-law or contract provision or any license,
franchise or permit, or subject to any order or decree, which would be
breached or violated by its execution or performance of this Agreement,
except for any breaches or violations which would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Acquiror. Other than in
connection with or in compliance with the provisions of Nevada Law, the
Exchange Act, the HSR Act and the securities or blue sky laws of the various
states (collectively, the "Acquiror Required Approvals"), no authorization,
consent or approval of, or filing with, any governmental body or authority is
necessary for the consummation by Acquiror of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   Section 5.3. LITIGATION. There are no claims, suits,
actions or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Acquiror threatened
against, relating to or affecting Acquiror or any of its subsidiaries before
any court, governmental department, commission, agency, instrumentality or
authority or any arbitrator that seek to restrain or enjoin the consummation
of the Merger. Neither Acquiror nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to any
judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any court, governmental
department, commission, agency, instrumentality or authority, or any
arbitrator, which prohibits or restricts the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   Section 5.4. PROXY STATEMENT. None of the
information with respect to Acquiror or its Subsidiaries to be included in
the Proxy Statement will at the time of the mailing of the Proxy Statement or
any amendments or supplements thereto, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that no
representation is made by Acquiror with respect to information supplied in
writing by Target or any affiliate of Target specifically for inclusion in
the Proxy Statement.   Section 5.5. LACK OF OWNERSHIP OF TARGET COMMON
STOCK. Neither Acquiror nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any shares of Target
Common Stock or other securities convertible into shares of Target Common
Stock.   Section 5.6. NO REQUIRED VOTE OF ACQUIROR SHAREHOLDERS. No vote of
the shareholders of Acquiror is required by law or the Certificate of
Incorporation of Acquiror or otherwise in order for Acquiror to consummate
the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 5.7. NO
FINANCING NECESSARY. Acquiror has sufficient funds available to it under
existing credit arrangements or otherwise to pay the Merger Consideration
pursuant to this Agreement without obtaining any consent, waiver or amendment
of any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or is bound.  
-15-   ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS   It is further agreed as
follows:   Section 6.1. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY TARGET. During the period
from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the
Effective Time or the date, if any, on which this Agreement is earlier
terminated pursuant to Section 8.1 (the "Termination Date"), and except as
may be agreed to by the other parties hereto in writing or as may be
expressly permitted pursuant to this Agreement, Target:   (i) shall, and
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct its operations according to
their ordinary and usual course of business in substantially the same manner
as heretofore conducted;   (ii) shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
preserve, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to use commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve, intact its business organizations and
goodwill, keep available the services of its officers and employees as a
group, subject to changes in the ordinary course, and maintain satisfactory
relationships with suppliers, distributors, customers and others having
business relationships with them;   (iii) shall confer at such times as
Acquiror may reasonably request with one or more representatives of Acquiror
to report operational matters and the status of ongoing operations;   (iv)
shall notify Acquiror of any emergency or other change in the normal course
of its or its Subsidiaries\' respective businesses or in the operation of its
or its Subsidiaries\' respective properties and of any complaints,
investigations or hearings (or communications indicating that the same may be
contemplated) of any governmental body or authority if such emergency,
change, complaint, investigation or hearing would have a Material Adverse
Effect on Target;   (v) shall not authorize or pay any dividends on or make
any distribution with respect to its outstanding shares of stock;   (vi)
shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into or
amend any employment, severance or similar agreements or arrangements with
any of their respective directors or executive officers;   (vii) except as
set forth on Schedule 6.1(vii), shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, authorize, propose or announce an intention to authorize or
propose, or enter into an agreement with respect to, any merger,
consolidation or business combination (other than the Merger), or, other than
in the ordinary course of business and in any case subject to (iii) above,
any acquisition of any assets or securities, any disposition of any amount of
assets or securities or any release or relinquishment of any
contract rights;   -16-   (viii) shall not propose or adopt any
amendments to its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws;   (ix) except as set
forth on Schedule 6.1(ix), shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, issue any shares of their capital stock, or effect any stock
split or otherwise change its capitalization as it existed on March 31, 2000,
except as contemplated herein and except for the issuance of Target Common
Stock with respect to the exercise of options outstanding on March 31, 2000
under the Target Stock Option Plans in accordance with the terms on the date
thereof;   (x) except as set forth on Schedule 6.1(x), shall not, and shall
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, grant, confer or award (A) any
options, warrants, conversion rights or other rights, not existing on the
date hereof, to acquire any shares of its capital stock or (B) any other
awards under the Target Stock Option Plans except for annual automatic grants
to non-employee directors in connection with Target\'s 2000 annual
stockholders meeting;   (xi) shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, purchase or redeem any shares of its stock;   (xii) except
as set forth on Schedule 6.1(xii), shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, amend the terms of their respective employee benefit plans,
programs or arrangements or any severance or similar agreements or
arrangements in existence on the date hereof, or adopt any new employee
benefit plans, programs or arrangements or any severance or
similar agreements or arrangements except as contemplated by this Section 6.1
or Section 6.5;   (xiii) shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, enter into any loan agreement except for letters of credit
in the ordinary course of business;   (xiv) shall not, and shall not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Tax election or settle or compromise any
Tax liability; and   (xv) shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, agree, in writing or otherwise, to take any of the foregoing
actions or take any action which would make any representation or warranty in
Article IV hereof untrue or incorrect; and   (xvi) except as set forth on
Schedule 6.1(xvi), shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, settle, compromise or otherwise terminate any litigation, claim or other
settlement negotiation.   Section 6.2. INVESTIGATION. Target shall afford to
Acquiror and to Acquiror\'s officers, employees, accountants, counsel and
other authorized representatives full and complete access during normal
business hours, throughout the period prior to the earlier of the Effective
Time or the date of termination of this Agreement, to its and its
Subsidiaries\' plants, properties, contracts, commitments, books, and records
(including but not limited to tax returns) and any report, schedule or other
document filed or received by it pursuant to the requirements of federal or
state securities laws and shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause
their respective representatives to furnish promptly to one another such
additional financial and operating data and other   -17-  information as
to its and its Subsidiaries\' respective businesses and properties as the
other or its duly authorized representatives may from time to time reasonably
request.   Section 6.3. COOPERATION. Target and Acquiror shall together, or
pursuant to an allocation of responsibility to be agreed upon between
them:   (a) prepare and file with the SEC as soon as is reasonably
practicable the Proxy Statement, and shall use their reasonable best efforts
to have the Proxy Statement cleared by the SEC under the Exchange Act;  
(b) as soon as is reasonably practicable take all such action as may
be required under state blue sky or federal or state securities laws in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and   (c)
cooperate with one another in order to lift any injunctions or remove any
other impediment to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein.   Section 6.4. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.   (a) The
Board of Directors of Target (or a duly appointed committee thereof
responsible for the administration of the Target Stock Option Plans
in accordance with the terms of such plans) shall, prior to or as of the
Effective Time, take all necessary actions, pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms of the Target Stock Option Plans and the instruments
evidencing the Target Plan Options, to provide (1) for the cancellation of
the Target Plan Options upon the terms set forth in Section 2.3 and (2) that
no consent of the holders of the Target Plan Options is required in
connection with such cancellation.   (b) To the extent permitted by
applicable law, Acquiror shall cause employees of Target and its Subsidiaries
to receive credit for purposes of eligibility to participate, vesting, and
eligibility to receive benefits (but not benefit accrual) under any employee
benefit plan, program or arrangement established or maintained by the
Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation for service accrued or deemed accrued
prior to the Effective Time with Target or any of its Subsidiaries, as the
case may be; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such crediting of service shall not
operate to duplicate any benefit or the funding of any such benefit.  
Section 6.5. FILINGS; OTHER ACTION. Subject to the terms and
conditions herein provided, Target and Acquiror shall (i) promptly make their
respective filings and thereafter make any other required submissions under
the HSR Act, (ii) use reasonable efforts to cooperate with one another in (A)
determining whether any filings are required to be made with, or consents,
permits, authorizations or approvals are required to be obtained from, any
third party, the United States government or any agencies, departments or
instrumentalities thereof or other governmental or regulatory bodies or
authorities of federal, state, local and foreign jurisdictions in connection
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and (B) timely making all such
filings and timely seeking all such consents, permits, authorizations or
approvals, and (iii) use reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all other actions and do, or cause to be done, all other things necessary,
proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the transactions
contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, taking all such further
action as reasonably may be   -18-  necessary to resolve such objections,
if any, as the Federal Trade Commission, the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice, state antitrust enforcement authorities or competition
authorities of any other nation or other jurisdiction or any other person may
assert under relevant antitrust or competition laws with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 6.6. FURTHER ASSURANCES. In case
at any time after the Effective Time any further action is necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the proper officers of
Target and Acquiror shall take all such necessary action.   Section 6.7.
ANTI-TAKEOVER STATUTE. If any "fair price", "moratorium", "control share
acquisition" or other form of anti-takeover statute or regulation shall
become applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby, each of Target and
Acquiror and the members of their respective Boards of Directors shall
grant such approvals and take such actions as are reasonably necessary so
that the transactions contemplated hereby may be consummated as promptly as
practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and otherwise act to eliminate
or minimize the effects of such statute or regulation on the transactions
contemplated hereby.   Section 6.8. NO SOLICITATION BY TARGET. (a) Target
shall not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor shall it
authorize or permit any of its directors, officers or employees or any
investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other
representative retained by it or any of its subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly through another person, (i) solicit, initiate or encourage
(including by way of furnishing information), or take any other action
designed to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal which
constitutes any Target Takeover Proposal (as defined below) or
(ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Target
Takeover Proposal; provided, however, that if, at any time prior to the
publicly announced date of the Target Meeting (the "Target Applicable
Period"), the Board of Directors of Target determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside counsel, that it is necessary to do so in order to
comply with its fiduciary duties to Target\'s stockholders under applicable
law, Target may, in response to a Target Superior Proposal (as defined in
Section 6.8(b)) which did not result from a breach of this Section 6.8(a),
and subject to providing prior written notice of its decision to take such
action to Acquiror (the "Target Notice") and compliance with Section 6.8(c),
for a period of ten business days following delivery of the Target Notice (x)
furnish information with respect to Target and its subsidiaries to any person
making a Target Superior Proposal pursuant to a customary confidentiality
agreement (as determined by Target after consultation with its outside
counsel) and (y) participate in discussions or negotiations regarding such
Target Superior Proposal. For purposes of this Agreement, "Target Takeover
Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any person relating to
any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of a business that
constitutes 15% or more of the net revenues, net income or the assets of
Target and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 15% or more of any class of
equity securities of Target or any of its subsidiaries, any tender offer or
exchange offer that if consummated would result in any person beneficially
owning 15% or more of any class of equity securities of Target or any of its
subsidiaries, or any merger, consolidation, business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving
Target or any of its subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   (b) Except as expressly permitted by this Section 6.8,
neither the Board of Directors of Target nor any committee thereof shall (i)
withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to   -19-  withdraw or modify, in
a manner adverse to Acquiror, the approval or recommendation by such Board of
Directors or such committee of the Merger or this Agreement, (ii) approve or
recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any Target Takeover
Proposal, or (iii) cause Target to enter into any letter of intent, agreement
in principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement (each, a
"TARGET ACQUISITION AGREEMENT") related to any Target Takeover Proposal.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that during the Target Applicable
Period the Board of Directors of Target determines in good faith that there
is a substantial probability that the Target Stockholder Approval will not be
obtained due to the existence of a Target Superior Proposal, the Board of
Directors of Target may (subject to this and the following sentences)
terminate this Agreement (and concurrently with or after such termination, if
it so chooses, cause Target to enter into any Target Acquisition Agreement
with respect to any Target Superior Proposal), but only at a time that is
during the Target Applicable Period and is after the third business day
following Acquiror\'s receipt of written notice advising Acquiror that the
Board of Directors of Target is prepared to accept a Target
Superior Proposal, specifying the material terms and conditions of such
Target Superior Proposal and identifying the person making such Target
Superior Proposal. For purposes of this Agreement, a "TARGET SUPERIOR
PROPOSAL" means any proposal made by a third party (i) to acquire, directly
or indirectly, including pursuant to a tender offer, exchange offer, merger,
consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution or similar transaction, for consideration consisting of cash
and/or securities, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the shares
of Target Common Stock then outstanding or all or substantially all of the
assets of Target, (ii) that is otherwise on terms which the Board of
Directors of Target determines in its good faith judgment (based on the
advice of a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) to be more
favorable to Target\'s stockholders than the Merger, (iii) for which
financing, to the extent required, is then committed or which, in the good
faith judgment of the Board of Directors of Target, is reasonably capable of
being obtained by such third party and (iv) for which, in the good
faith judgment of the Board of Directors of Target, no regulatory approvals
are required, including antitrust approvals, that could not reasonably be
expected to be obtained.   (c) In addition to the obligations of Target set
forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 6.9, Target shall promptly
advise Acquiror orally and in writing of any request for information or of
any Target Takeover Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such
request or Target Takeover Proposal and the identity of the person making
such request or Target Takeover Proposal. Target will keep Acquiror
reasonably informed of the status and details (including amendments or
proposed amendments) of any such request or Target Takeover Proposal on a
daily basis or more frequently as may be reasonably requested by
Acquiror.   (d) Nothing contained in this Section 6.8 shall prohibit Target
from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position contemplated by
Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or from making any
disclosure to Target\'s stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of the
Board of Directors of Target, after consultation with outside counsel,
failure so to disclose would be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations
under applicable law.   Section 6.9. PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. Except as may be
required by applicable law, no party hereto shall make any public
announcements or otherwise communicate with any news media or any other
party, with respect to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated
hereby without prior consultation with the other parties as to the timing and
contents of any such    -20-  announcement or communications; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that nothing contained herein shall prevent any party from (i)
promptly making all filings with governmental authorities or disclosures by
the stock exchange on which such party\'s capital stock is listed, as may, in
its judgment, be required or advisable in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or (ii) disclosing the terms of this Agreement to such
party\'s legal counsel, financial advisors or accountants in furtherance of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   Section 6.10.
INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. (a) Acquiror and the Surviving
Corporation agree that the indemnification obligations set forth in Target\'s
Articles of Incorporation and By-laws, in each case as of the date of this
Agreement, shall survive the Merger (and, prior to the Effective
Time, Acquiror shall cause the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of
Sub to reflect such provisions) and shall not be amended, repealed or
otherwise modified for a period of six years after the Effective Time in any
manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of the individuals
who on or prior to the Effective Time were directors, officers, employees or
agents of Target or its subsidiaries.   (b) For six years from the
Effective Time, Acquiror and the Surviving Corporation shall use their best
efforts to provide to the directors and officers of Target as of the date of
this Agreement liability insurance protection of the same kind and scope as
that provided by Acquiror\'s directors\' and officers\' liability insurance
policies (copies of which have been made available to Target), with respect
to claims arising from facts or events that occurred prior to the Effective
Time; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event shall Acquiror be required to
expend more than 150% of the amount currently expended by Acquiror (the
"INSURANCE AMOUNT") to maintain or procure its current directors and offices
liability insurance coverage; PROVIDED, FURTHER, that if Acquiror is unable
to maintain or obtain the insurance called for by this Section 6.10, Acquiror
shall use its best efforts to obtain as much comparable insurance as
available for the Insurance Amount.   (c) For six years after the Effective
Time, Acquiror shall, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law,
indemnify and hold harmless, each present and former director, officer,
trustee, fiduciary, employee or agent of Target and each Subsidiary of Target
and each such person who served at the request of Target or any Subsidiary of
Target as a director, officer, trustee, partner, fiduciary, employee or agent
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, pension or other
employee benefit plan or enterprise (collectively, the "INDEMNIFIED PARTIES")
against all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees),
judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities and settlement amounts
paid in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation
(whether arising before or after the Effective Time), whether civil,
administrative or investigative, arising out of or pertaining to any action
or omission in their capacity as an officer or director, in each
case occurring before the Effective Time (including the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement). Without limiting the foregoing, in the event
of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, (i) Acquiror
shall pay the fees and expenses of counsel selected by any Indemnified Party,
which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to Acquiror promptly after
statements therefor are received (unless Acquiror shall elect to defend such
action) and (ii) Acquiror shall cooperate in the defense of any such
matter.   -21-   (d) In the event Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation or
any of their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges
into any other person or shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation
or entity in such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all or
substantially all its properties and assets to any person, then, and in each
case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of
Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, honor the
indemnification obligations set forth in this Section 6.10.   (e) The
obligations of Acquiror and the Surviving Corporation under this Section 6.10
shall not be terminated or modified in such a manner as to adversely affect
any director, officer, employee, agent or other person to whom this Section
6.10 applies without the consent of such affected director, officer,
employees, agents or other persons (it being expressly agreed that each such
director, officer, employee, agent or other person to whom this Section 6.10
applies shall be third-party beneficiaries of this Section 6.10).   Section
6.11. ADDITIONAL REPORTS. Target shall furnish to Acquiror copies of any
reports of the type referred to in Sections 4.4 which it files with the SEC
on or after the date hereof. Target represents and warrants that as of
the respective dates thereof, such reports will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statement therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Any unaudited
consolidated interim financial statements included in such reports (including
any related notes and schedules) will fairly present the financial position
of Target and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the
results of operations and changes in financial position or other information
included therein for the periods or as of the date then ended (subject, where
appropriate, to normal year-end adjustments), in each case in accordance with
past practice and GAAP consistently applied during the periods involved
(except as otherwise disclosed in the notes thereto).   Section 6.12.
ACCOUNTING TREATMENT. The parties acknowledge that, for financial accounting
purposes, the Merger shall be accounted for as a purchase transaction.  
Section 6.13. UPDATE DISCLOSURE: BREACHES. From and after the date of
this Agreement until the Effective Time, each party hereto shall promptly
notify the other party hereto in writing of (i) the occurrence, or non-
occurrence, of any event that would be likely to cause any condition to the
obligations of any party to effect the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement not to be satisfied, or (ii) the failure of
Target or Acquiror, as the case may be, to comply with or satisfy any
covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it
pursuant to this Agreement which would be likely to result in any condition
to the obligations of any party to effect the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement not to be satisfied; provided,
however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 6.13 shall
not cure any breach of any representations or warranty requiring disclosure
of such matter prior to the date of this Agreement or otherwise limit or
affect the remedies available hereunder to the party receiving such
notice.   -22-   ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER   Section 7.1.
CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY\'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE MERGER.   The
respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger shall be subject to
the fulfillment at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:   (a) No statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
enforced by any court or other tribunal or governmental body or authority
which prohibits the consummation of the Merger substantially on the terms
contemplated hereby. In the event any order, decree or injunction shall have
been issued, each party shall use its reasonable efforts to remove any such
order, decree or injunction; and   (b) Any applicable waiting period under
the HSR Act with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall have expired or been terminated, Target shall have obtained stockholder
approval of the Merger and this Agreement as required by Nevada Law and any
other Target Required Approvals and Acquiror Required Approvals shall have
been obtained, except where the failure to obtain such other Target Required
Approvals and Acquiror Required Approvals would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on Target or Acquiror, as the case may be.   Section 7.2. CONDITIONS
TO OBLIGATIONS OF TARGET TO EFFECT THE MERGER. The obligation of Target to
effect the Merger is further subject to the conditions that (a) the
representations and warranties of Acquiror contained herein shall be true and
correct as of the Effective Time with the same effect as though made as of
the Effective Time except (i) for changes specifically permitted by the terms
of this Agreement, (ii) that the accuracy of representations and warranties
that by their terms speak as of the date of this Agreement or some other date
will be determined as of such date and (iii) where any such failure of the
representations and warranties in the aggregate to be true and correct in all
respects would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Acquiror, (b)
Acquiror shall have performed in all material respects all obligations and
complied with all covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or
complied with by it prior to the Effective Time and (c) Acquiror shall have
delivered to Target a certificate, dated the Effective Time and signed by its
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer or a Senior Vice President,
certifying to the effects set forth in clauses (a) and (b) above.   
Section 7.3. CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF ACQUIROR TO EFFECT THE MERGER. The
obligation of Acquiror to effect the Merger is further subject to
the conditions that (a) the representations and warranties of Target
contained herein shall be true and correct as of the Effective Time with the
same effect as though made as of the Effective Time except (i) for changes
specifically permitted by the terms of this Agreement, (ii) that the accuracy
of representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of the date of
this Agreement or some other date will be determined as of such date and
(iii) where any such failure of the representations and warranties in the
aggregate to be true and correct in all respects would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on Target, (b) Target shall have performed in all material  
-23-  respects all obligations and complied with all covenants required by
this Agreement to be performed or complied with by them prior to the
Effective Time and, (c) Target shall have delivered to Acquiror a
certificate, dated the Effective Time and signed by its respective Chairman
of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President or Senior Vice President,
certifying to the effects set forth in clauses (a) and (b) above.   ARTICLE
VIII   TERMINATION, WAIVER, AMENDMENT AND CLOSING   Section 8.1.
TERMINATION OR ABANDONMENT. Notwithstanding anything contained in this
Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement may be terminated and abandoned at
any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after any approval of
the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of
Target:   (a) by the mutual written consent of Target and Acquiror;   (b)
by either Target or Acquiror if the Effective Time shall not have occurred on
or before December 31, 2000; PROVIDED, that the party seeking to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this clause 8.1(b) shall not have breached in any
material respect its obligations under this Agreement in any manner
that shall have proximately contributed to the failure to consummate the
Merger on or before such date;   (c) by either Target or Acquiror if (i) a
statute, rule, regulation or executive order shall have been enacted, entered
or promulgated prohibiting the consummation of the Merger substantially on
the terms contemplated hereby or (ii) an order, decree, ruling or injunction
shall have been entered permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise
prohibiting the consummation of the Merger substantially on the terms
contemplated hereby and such order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have
become final and non-appealable; PROVIDED, that the party seeking to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause 8.1(c)(ii) shall have used
its reasonable best efforts to remove such injunction, order or decree;  
(d) by Acquiror if the Target Stockholder Approval shall not have
been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote or consent
at the Target Meeting;   (e) by Target in accordance with Section 6.8(b);
PROVIDED that, in order for the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
this paragraph (e) to be deemed effective, Target shall have complied with
all provisions contained in Section 6.8, including the notice provisions
therein, and with applicable requirements, including the payment of the
Termination Fee, of Section 8.2;   (f) Target, if Acquiror shall have
breached or failed to perform in any material respect any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in this
Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the
failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.2(a) or (b), and (ii) is
incapable of being cured by Acquiror or is not cured within 30 days of notice
of such breach or failure;   -24-   (g) by Acquiror, if Target shall have
breached or failed to perform in any material respect any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in this
Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the
failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.3(a) or (b), and (ii) is
incapable of being cured by Target or is not cured within 30 days of notice
of such breach or failure.   Except as provided in Sections 8.2 and 9.2 of
this Agreement, in the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 8.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void, there shall be no
liability on the part of Acquiror, Sub or Target or any of their respective
officers or directors to the other and all rights and obligations of any
party hereto shall cease, except that nothing herein shall relieve any party
from liability for any misrepresentation or breach of any covenant or
agreement under this Agreement.   Section 8.2. TERMINATION FEE. In the event
that, after the execution of this Agreement, a Target Takeover Proposal shall
have been made known to Target or any of its subsidiaries or has been made
directly to its stockholders generally or any person shall have publicly
announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to make a Target Takeover
Proposal and thereafter this Agreement is terminated by either Acquiror or
Target pursuant to Section 8.1(b) or 8.1(d) or by Acquiror pursuant to
Section 8.1(g), then Target shall promptly, but in no event later than two
days after the date of such termination, pay Acquiror a fee equal to $9.0
million (the "Termination Fee") payable by wire transfer of same day funds;
provided, however, that no Termination Fee shall be payable to Acquiror
pursuant to this Section 8.2 unless and until within 18 months of such
termination Target or any of its Subsidiaries enters into any Target
Acquisition Agreement or consummates any Target Takeover Proposal (for the
purposes of the foregoing proviso the terms "Target Acquisition
Agreement" and "Target Takeover Proposal" shall have the meanings assigned to
such terms in Section 6.8 except that the references to 15% in the definition
of "Target Takeover Proposal" in Section 6.8(a) shall be deemed to be
references to 35% and "Target Takeover Proposal" shall only be deemed to
refer to a transaction involving Target, or with respect to assets (including
the shares of any subsidiary), of Target and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, and not any of its Subsidiaries alone), in which event the Termination
Fee shall be payable upon the first to occur of such events. Target
acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section 8.2 are an
integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that,
without these agreements, Acquiror would not enter into this Agreement;
accordingly, if Target fails promptly to pay the amount due pursuant to this
Section 8.2, and, in order to obtain such payment, Acquiror commences a suit
which results in a judgment against Target for the fee set forth in this
Section 8.2, Target shall pay to Acquiror its costs and expenses (including
attorneys\' fees and expenses) in connection with such suit, together with
interest on the amount of the fee at the prime rate of Citibank N.A. in
effect on the date such payment was required to be made.   ARTICLE IX  
MISCELLANEOUS   Section 9.1. NON-SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any
instrument delivered pursuant to this   -25-  Agreement shall survive the
Effective Time. This Section 9.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of
the parties which by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective
Time.   Section 9.2. EXPENSES. Whether or not the Merger is consummated, all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such expenses, except that (a)(i) the filing fees in connection
with any HSR Act filing and any SEC filings and (ii) the expenses incurred in
connection with the printing and mailing of the Proxy Statement, shall be
shared equally by Target and Acquiror and (b) all transfer taxes shall be
paid by Target.   Section 9.3. COUNTERPARTS: EFFECTIVENESS. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more consecutive counterparts, each of which shall
be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto
were upon the same instrument, and shall become effective when one or more
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered (by
telecopy or otherwise) to the other parties.   Section 9.4. GOVERNING LAW.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the state of Texas without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws
thereof, except that Nevada law shall apply to the Merger.   Section 9.5.
NOTICES. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
(including telecopy or similar writing) and shall be effective (a) if given
by telecopy, when such telecopy is transmitted to the telecopy
number specified in this Section 9.5 and the appropriate telecopy
confirmation is received or (b) if given by any other means, when delivered
at the address specified in this Section 9.5:   To Target:   Tech-Sym
Corporation  10500 Westoffice Drive, Suite 200  Houston, Texas 77042-5391 
Telecopy: (713) 780-3524  Attention: General Counsel   with a copy (which
shall not constitute notice) to:   Brobeck, Phleger and Harrison LLP  301
Congress, Suite 1200  Austin, Texas 78701  Telecopy: (512) 477-5813 
Attention: Thomas P. Mason, Esq.   -26-   To Acquiror:   Integrated
Defense Technologies, Inc.  c/o the Veritas Capital Fund, L.P.  660 Madison
Avenue  New York, New York 10021  Telecopy: 212/688-9411  Attention: Robert
B. McKeon   with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:   Whitman
Breed Abbott and Morgan LLP  200 Park Avenue  New York, New York 10166 
Telecopy: 212/351-3131  Attention: Benjamin M. Polk, Esq.   Section 9.6.
ASSIGNMENT; BINDING EFFECT. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties
hereto (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written
consent of the other parties, except that Acquiror may assign this Agreement
without the consent of Target (i) to any affiliate of Acquiror or (ii) for
collateral security purposes to any source of financing to Acquiror, Sub
or the Surviving Corporation. Any such assignment shall not reduce or
eliminate any obligation or liability of Acquiror under this Agreement.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns.   Section 9.7. SEVERABILITY. Any term or provision
of this Agreement which is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such
invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the
remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.
If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, such
provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.  
Section 9.8. MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement:   (a) and the exhibits and
disclosure schedules to this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement,
dated June 27, 2000, between Target and Acquiror, constitutes the entire
agreement, and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both
written and oral, between the parties, or any of them, with respect to the
subject matter hereof and thereof; and   (b) except for the provisions of
Sections 6.5, 6.11 and 9.6 hereof, is not intended to and shall not confer
upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies
hereunder.   -27-   Section 9.9. HEADINGS. Headings of the Articles and
Sections of this Agreement are for convenience of the parties only, and shall
be given no substantive or interpretive effect whatsoever.   Section 9.10.
SUBSIDIARIES: SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES; AFFILIATES. References in this
Agreement to "Subsidiaries" of Target or Acquiror shall mean any corporation
or other form of legal entity of which more than 50% of the outstanding
voting securities are on the date hereof directly or indirectly owned by
Target or Acquiror, as the case may be. References in this Agreement
to "Significant Subsidiaries" shall mean Subsidiaries (as defined above)
which constitute "significant subsidiaries" under Rule 405 promulgated by the
SEC under the Securities Act. References in this Agreement (except as
specifically otherwise defined) to "affiliates" shall mean, as to any person,
any other person which, directly or indirectly, controls, or is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such person. As used in this definition,
"control" (including, with its correlative meanings, "controlled by" and
"under common control with") shall mean the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of securities or
partnership of other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise.
References in the Agreement to "person" shall mean an individual, a
corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity or
organization, including, without limitation, a governmental body
or authority.   Section 9.11. FINDERS OR BROKERS. Except for the engagement
of Quarterdeck Investment Partners, Inc. by Target pursuant to the amended
and restated engagement letter dated as of July 22, 1999, previously provided
to Acquiror, neither Target nor any of its Subsidiaries has employed any
investment banker, broker, finder or intermediary in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby who might be entitled to any fee or any
commission in connection with or upon consummation of the Merger payable by
Target or any of its Subsidiaries.   Section 9.12. AMENDMENT. This Agreement
may be amended by the parties hereto by action taken by or on behalf of their
respective Boards of Directors at any time prior to the Effective Time;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no amendment may be made which would reduce the
amount or change the type of consideration into which each share of Target
Common Stock shall be converted pursuant to this Agreement upon consummation
of the Merger. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in
writing signed by the parties hereto.   Section 9.13. WAIVER. At any time
prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto may (a) extend the time for
the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of any other party
hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of
any other party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto
and (c) waive compliance by any other party with any of the agreements or
conditions contained herein; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that after the Target
Stockholder Approval is obtained, there may not be, without further approval
of such stockholders, any extension or waiver of this Agreement or any
portion thereof which reduces the amount or changes the form of the
consideration to be delivered to the holders of Target Common Stock hereunder
other than as contemplated by this Agreement. Any such extension or waiver
shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the
party or parties to be bound thereby, but such extension or waiver or failure
to insist on strict   -28-  compliance with an obligation, covenant,
agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with
respect to, any subsequent or other failure.   Section 9.14. THIRD PARTY
BENEFICIARIES. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended or
shall be construed, to confer upon or give to any person any rights or
remedies under or by reason of this Agreement, or any term, provision,
condition, undertaking, warranty, representation, indemnity, covenant or
agreement contained herein, other than the parties hereto and their permitted
assigns and the persons intended to be provided benefits pursuant to Section
6.4 and Section 6.10 hereof.   -29-   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the
date first above written.    TECH-SYM CORPORATION    By: /s/ J. MICHAEL
CAMP  -------------------------------  Name: J. Michael Camp  Title:
Chairman of the Board and Chief  Executive Officer    INTEGRATED DEFENSE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.    By: /s/ ROBERT B. MCKEON 
-------------------------------  Name: Robert B. McKeon  Title:
Chairman     T-S ACQUISITION CORP.   By: /s/ ROBERT B. MCKEON 
-------------------------------  Name: Robert B. McKeon  Title:
President   '

