 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER DATED MAY 17,
2004     EXHIBIT 2.1   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   AMONG  
TELEFLEX INCORPORATED,   TFX ACQUISITION CORPORATION,   FREEMAN SPOGLI and
CO. LLC,   FS EQUITY PARTNERS IV, L.P.,   RIVER HOLDING CORP. AND  
HUDSON RESPIRATORY CARE INC.   MAY 17, 2004     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER   This Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Agreement") is made and
entered into to be effective as of May 17, 2004, by and among Teleflex
Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the "Buyer"), TFX Acquisition
Corporation, a California corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Buyer (the "Merger Sub"), Freeman Spogli and Co. LLC (the "FS Management
Company"), FS Equity Partners IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the
"Shareholders\' Representative"), and River Holding Corp., a Delaware
corporation ("Holding") (the Shareholders\' Representative and Holding are
collectively referred to as the "Significant Shareholders"), and Hudson
Respiratory Care Inc., a California corporation (the "Company"). The Buyer,
the Merger Sub, the Company, FS Management Company and the Significant
Shareholders are referred to collectively herein as the "Parties."  
Background   The Significant Shareholders in the aggregate, and on an as-
converted basis, own more than 78% of the Company Common Shares and hold more
than 78% of the voting power of the Company Common Shares. This Agreement
contemplates a transaction in which the Buyer will acquire the Company by
merging Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the Company as the
Surviving Corporation in the Merger and the shareholders of the Company to
receive the Purchase Price, and potentially, the Contingent Purchase Price,
for such acquisition of the Company by the Buyer. The respective Boards of
Directors of the Buyer, the Merger Sub, and the Company each have approved
this Agreement and the Merger on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
Each Significant Shareholder has approved and bound itself to the terms of
this Agreement as provided herein.   Now, therefore, in consideration of the
premises and the mutual promises herein made, and in consideration of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, the
Parties agree as follows:   Terms   1. Definitions.   "Adjustment
Dispute Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(c) below.  
"Adverse Consequences" means all damages, liabilities, awards, judgments,
assessments, fines, sanctions, penalties, charges, costs, liens, losses,
payments, expenses and fees, including all court costs and
reasonable attorneys\' and accountants\' fees and expenses sustained or
incurred in connection with the defense or investigation of any claim.  
"Affiliate" shall mean a Person or entity that directly, or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or
is under common control with a specified person or entity.   "Agreed Upon
Retention Amount" shall mean the amount of any retention payments that may be
payable by the Company pursuant to agreements that the Company enters into
after the date hereof and on or before the Closing with certain of its
officers and employees and that provide for such payments (in an aggregate
amount not to exceed $750,000), as specified in Section 4.8(p) and  
1    Section 5.3 of this Agreement, but only to the extent that such
agreements, amounts and individuals are agreed to mutually by the Company and
Buyer.   "Agreement of Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1
below.   "Antitrust Laws" means and includes the Sherman Act, as amended,
the Clayton Act, as amended, the HSR Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act,
as amended, and all other Federal, state and foreign statutes, rules,
regulations, orders, decrees, administrative and judicial doctrines, and
other laws that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate
actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade,
including without limitation those of the European Union, Germany, Brazil and
any other foreign jurisdiction.   "Applicable Rate" means the Prime Rate in
effect from time to time as published by The Wall Street Journal.   "Buyer"
has the meaning set forth in the preface above.   "Buyer Disclosure Letter"
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2 below.   "CGCL" means the
California General Corporation Law, as amended through the date of this
Agreement.   "Certificate" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(b)(i)
below.   "Citigroup" means Citigroup Global Markets Inc.   "Closing" has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 below.   "Closing Date" has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.2 below.   "Closing Date Cash" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.5(b) below.   "Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount"
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(b) below.   "Code" means the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.   "Common Share Price" means the
quotient determined by dividing the Preliminary Purchase Price by the sum of
(i) the number of Company Common Shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Closing plus (ii) the number of Company Common Shares and Company Warrant
Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Company Options and the Warrants
outstanding immediately prior to the Closing.   "Company" has the meaning
set forth in the preface above.   "Company and Shareholder Transaction
Expenses" means the costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal,
accounting and other fees and expenses and the fees and expenses of
Citigroup) of the Company and the Significant Shareholders incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including as required by Section 5.13, but not   2    including the fees
and expenses payable by Buyer pursuant to Section 5.14(a) and Section 10.13
below.   "Company Common Share" means any share of the Common Stock, no
par value, of the Company.   "Company Convertible Notes" means those
certain 10% Senior Subordinated Convertible Notes of the Company having a
face value of $15.0 million and due March 31, 2008.   "Company Disclosure
Letter" has the meaning set forth in Section 4 below.   "Company Junior
Preferred Shares" means the shares of the 12% Junior Convertible Cumulative
Preferred Stock of the Company.   "Company Options" means all outstanding or
authorized options, purchase rights, subscription rights, conversion rights,
exchange rights, or other contracts or commitments that could require the
Company to issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become outstanding any of its
capital stock, other than the Warrants.   "Company Preferred Shares" means,
collectively, the Company Senior Preferred Shares and the Company Junior
Preferred Shares.   "Company Retention Payment Obligation" means an amount
of cash equal to the difference between (a) the amount of retention payments
that may be payable by the Company pursuant to agreements the Company enters
into after the date hereof and on or before the Closing with certain of its
officers and employees up to a maximum of seven hundred fifty thousand
dollars ($750,000), and (b) an amount equal to one half of the Agreed Upon
Retention Amount.   "Company Second Lien Loan" means that certain Loan and
Security Agreement dated October 7, 2003 by and among the Company, Lenders,
and MW Post Advisory Group, LLC as Administrative Agent.   "Company Senior
Credit Facility" means that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated October
7, 2003 by and among the Company, Lenders, and Wells Fargo Foothill, Inc. as
Administrative Agent, as amended.   "Company Senior Notes" means those
certain 12% Senior Notes of the Company having a face value of $12.0 million
and due March 31, 2008.   "Company Senior Preferred Shares" means the shares
of the 11-1/2% Senior PIK Preferred Stock of the Company.   "Company Senior
Subordinated Notes" means those certain 9-1/8% Senior Subordinated Notes of
the Company having a face value of $115 million and due April 7, 2008.  
"Company Shares" means the Company Common Shares and the Company Preferred
Shares.   "Company Warrant Shares" means the Company Common Shares into
which the Warrants are convertible upon their exercise.   3    
"Contingent Purchase Price" means an amount of cash equal to the
Escrow Deposit.   "Contribution Agreement" means the Contribution Agreement
dated as of the date hereof among the Significant Shareholders and each of
the other holders of the Company Common Shares, Warrants and Company Options
that are parties thereto.   "Current Assets" means the sum of the amount of
all assets of the Company calculated and determined in accordance with
Schedule 1.1(a) and GAAP as specified and described on Schedule 1.1(b).  
"Current Liabilities" means the sum of the amount of all liabilities of the
Company calculated and determined in accordance with Schedule 1.1(a) and GAAP
as specified and described on Schedule 1.1(b).   "December 31, 2003 Balance
Sheet" means the balance sheet included within the Fiscal Year End
Financials.   "December 31, 2003 Net Working Capital Amount" means
$27,562,000.   "Dissenting Shareholders" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.4(e) below.   "DandO; Indemnified Parties" has the meaning set
forth in Section 8.8(d) below.   "Employee Benefit Plan" means any pension,
profit-sharing, deferred compensation, bonus, stock option, share
appreciation right, severance, group or individual health, dental, medical,
life insurance, survivor benefit, or similar plan, policy or arrangement, for
the benefit of any director, officer, consultant or employee, whether active
or terminated, of the Company.   "Employee Pension Benefit Plan" has the
meaning set forth in ERISA Sec. 3(2).   "Employee Welfare Benefit Plan" has
the meaning set forth in ERISA Sec. 3(1).   "Environmental Insurance" has
the meaning set forth in Section 5.13 below.   "Environmental Laws" means
the Clean Water Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act of 1980, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know
Act of 1986, and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, each as
amended, together with all other applicable laws of federal, state, and local
governments (and all agencies thereof) concerning pollution or protection of
the environment, including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases,
or threatened releases of pollutants, contaminants, or chemical, industrial,
hazardous, toxic materials or wastes, asbestos and petroleum-based products
into ambient air, surface water, ground water or lands.   "ERISA" means the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   "Escrow
Agent" has the meaning set forth in the Escrow Agreement.   "Escrow
Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(q) below.   4    
"Escrow Deposit" means an amount of cash equal to forty three million dollars
($43,000,000).   "Estimated Closing Date Balance Sheet" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.5(a) below.   "Estimated Closing Date Cash" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a) below.   "Estimated Closing Date Net
Working Capital Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)
below.   "FDA" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(b) below.  
"Fiduciary" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Sec. 3(21).   "Final Closing
Date Balance Sheet" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(b) below.  
"Final Closing Date Cash" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.5(c) below.   "Final Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount" has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.5(c) below.   "Financial Statements" has the
meaning set forth in Section 4.7 below.   "Fiscal Year End Financials" has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 below.   "French" means Mr. Charles A.
French, an individual.   "French Additional Bonus" means an amount of cash
equal to one million two hundred ninety thousand dollars ($1,290,000), and
which will become payable to French pursuant to the terms of Section
I.3.(b)(ii) of the French Employment Agreement in the event that the
Contingent Purchase Price is released to the designee or designees of the
Shareholders\' Representative pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement
or this Agreement.   "French Bonus" means an amount of cash equal to one
million five hundred ten thousand dollars ($1,510,000), and which will become
payable to French at the Closing pursuant to the terms of Section I.3.(b)(ii)
of the French Employment Agreement.   "French Employment Agreement" means
that certain Employment Agreement entered into as of May 23, 2002 by and
between the Company and French, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to
Employment Agreement dated as of May 29, 2003 by and between the Company and
French.   "French Make Whole Amount" means an amount of cash equal to
the difference between (a) three million five hundred thousand dollars
($3,500,000) and (b) (i) the amount paid to French at the Closing pursuant to
the terms of Section 2.4(d) of this Agreement (based on the Preliminary
Purchase Price), plus (ii) any amount withheld for Taxes pursuant to the
terms of Section 2.4(d), which is the Realization Bonus defined in and which
will become payable to French at the Closing pursuant to Section I.3.(b)(i)
of the French Employment Agreement, as such amount may be adjusted pursuant
to   5    the terms of Section 2.5(f) of this Agreement, and recaptured
pursuant to the terms of Section 2.8 of this Agreement.   "GAAP" means
United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied,
as in effect from time to time; provided, that for purposes of Section 2.5
only, GAAP shall be as in effect as of the December 31, 2003 Balance Sheet,
including the accounting principles, practices and methodologies specified
and described on Schedule 1.1(b) attached hereto.   "Holding" has the
meaning set forth in the preface above.   "HRC Holding" means HRC Holding,
Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.   "HRC Holding Senior 12% Notes"
means those certain 12% Senior Notes of HRC Holding having a face value of
$10.1 million and due March 31, 2008.   "HRC Holding 12% Notes" means those
certain 12% Notes of HRC Holding having a face value of $2.2 million and due
March 31, 2008.   "Hudson RCI AB" means Hudson RCI AB, a corporation
organized under the laws of Sweden and an indirect subsidiary of the
Company.   "Hudson RCI AB Credit Facility" means that certain Loan Agreement
dated March 21, 2001 between Steamer Holding AB as Borrower, Hudson Euro Co.
as Guarantor, and Handelsbanken as Lender.   "HSR Act" means the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.  
"Indebtedness" means all amounts of principal, accrued interest, premiums,
penalties and other obligations relating to indebtedness or
its extinguishment (excluding capitalized leases reflected on the
Financial Statements) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including the
Company Senior Credit Facility, the Company Second Lien Loan, the Company
Senior Notes, the Company Senior Subordinated Notes, the Company Convertible
Notes, the HRC Holding Senior 12% Notes, the HRC Holding 12% Notes and the
Hudson RCI AB Credit Facility.   "Indemnified Party" has the meaning set
forth in Section 8.4(a) below.   "Indemnifying Party" has the meaning set
forth in Section 8.4(a) below.   "Indemnity Cap" has the meaning set forth
in Section 8.5(b) below.   "Indemnity Deductible" has the meaning set forth
in Section 8.5(a) below.   "Intellectual Property" means (a) all inventions
(whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice),
all improvements thereto, and all patents, patent applications, and patent
disclosures, together with all reissuances, continuations, continuations-in-
part, revisions, extensions, and reexaminations thereof, (b) all trademarks,
service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, and corporate names, together
with all translations, adaptations, derivations, and combinations thereof and
including all goodwill associated therewith, and all applications,  
6    registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (c) all
copyrightable works, all copyrights, and all applications, registrations, and
renewals in connection therewith, (d) all mask works and all applications,
registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (e) all trade secrets
and confidential business information (including ideas, research and
development, know-how, formulas, compositions, manufacturing and production
processes and techniques, technical data, designs, drawings, specifications,
customer and supplier lists, pricing and cost information, and business and
marketing plans and proposals), (f) all computer software (including data and
related documentation), Internet web sites and domain names, (g) all other
proprietary rights and (h) all copies and tangible embodiments thereof (in
whatever form or medium).   "Junior Preferred Share Amount" means the
product of (i) the number of Company Junior Preferred Shares outstanding at
the Closing Date multiplied by (ii) the Junior Preferred Share Price.  
"Junior Preferred Share Price" means (i) $1,333.3333 (which is the redemption
price, including the call premium in effect on the Closing Date, and all
dividends accrued thereon through December 31, 2003 (as set forth in
the Company\'s certificate of designation for the Company Junior Preferred
Shares)) plus (ii) all accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon from December
31, 2003 to the Closing Date, for each Junior Preferred Share.  
"Knowledge" means, with respect to the Company, the knowledge of Jeffrey D.
Brown, Charles A. French, Samuel Goldstein, Thomas Loescher, Ola Magnusson,
Lougene Williams and Patrick G. Yount, in each case after reasonable inquiry
under the circumstances.   "Letter of Transmittal" has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.6(b) below.   "Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect to
a Person, a material adverse effect on the (i) business, assets, financial
condition or results of operations of the applicable Person or entity, or
(ii) ability of such Person to perform its obligations under this Agreement
or any agreement entered into in connection herewith or to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby in all material respects.  
"Merger" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 below.   "Multiemployer
Plan" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Sec. 3(37).   "Net Working Capital
Amount" means, as of a particular balance sheet date, Current Assets minus
Current Liabilities calculated as set forth in Schedule 1.1(a) attached
hereto (which schedule will exclude the Company and Shareholder Transaction
Expenses).   "Net Working Capital Holdback" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.5(f) below.   "Ordinary Course of Business" means the ordinary
course of business consistent with past custom and practice.   "Party" has
the meaning set forth in the preface above.   "PBGC" means the Pension
Benefit Guaranty Corporation.   "Permits" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.9 below.   7     "Person" means an individual, a partnership,
a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock
company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, or other
entity, or a governmental entity (or any department, agency or political
subdivision thereof).   "Potential Environmental Conditions" has the meaning
set forth in Section 8.2(e) below.   "Preliminary Purchase Price" means
$417,000,000 plus (i) the amount of the Estimated Closing Date Cash plus (ii)
the aggregate exercise price of the Company Options and the Warrants that are
outstanding and unexercised as of the Closing, plus or minus (iii) the amount
determined pursuant to the fifth or sixth sentences of Section 2.5(a) below,
as applicable, minus (iv) the amount of any Indebtedness existing immediately
prior to the Closing, minus (v) the Junior Preferred Share Amount, minus (vi)
the Senior Preferred Share Amount, minus (vii) the Company and Shareholder
Transaction Expenses, minus (viii) the amount of the Company Retention
Payment Obligation, minus (ix) the amount of the French Bonus and the French
Make Whole Amount, as well as any other amounts that may become payable to
French pursuant to the terms of the French Employment Agreement as the result
of his resignation from employment with the Company on or before the Closing
Date, which shall include (A) the payments described in Section I.5.(b) of
the French Employment Agreement and (B) a reasonable estimate of the cost the
Company will incur until French is eligible for coverage under Medicare under
the last sentence of Section I.4.(a) of the French Employment Agreement if
French cannot be enrolled in the Company\'s medical and dental plans after
termination of his employment with the Company. If the amount of the payment
to which the holders of Junior Preferred Stock or Senior Preferred Stock is
more than the amount specified in the respective definitions of
Junior Preferred Share Amount and Senior Preferred Share Amount, such
difference shall be treated as reduction in the Preliminary Purchase
Price.   "Prohibited Transaction" has the meaning set forth in ERISA Sec.
406 and Code Sec. 4975.   "Purchase Price" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.5(d) below.   "Required Shareholder Vote" has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.22 below.   "Reviewing Accountant" has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.5(c) below.   "Securities Act" means the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended.   "Security Interest" means any mortgage, pledge,
lease, lien, encumbrance, charge, restriction, conditional sales agreement,
option, reversionary interest, right of first refusal, voting trust
agreement, preemptive right, claim under bailment or storage contract,
easement, security interest or any other adverse claim or right whatsoever,
other than (a) mechanic\'s, materialmen\'s, and similar liens, (b) liens for
Taxes not yet delinquent, (c) those shown on the face of or the footnotes to
the Fiscal Year End Financials, (d) those created by zoning laws and other
land use restrictions, (e) with respect to real property, easements, rights
of way, reservations, licenses, charges, liens and other matters of record
that do not materially impair the use of the real property as currently
conducted, and (e) liens and encumbrances affecting the fee interest of any
leased real property.   "Senior Preferred Share Amount" means the product of
(i) the number of Company Senior Preferred Shares outstanding at the Closing
Date multiplied by (ii) the Senior Preferred Share Price.   8    
"Senior Preferred Share Price" means (i) $104.60 (which is the redemption
price, including the call premium in effect on the Closing Date) plus (ii)
all accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (as set forth in the
Company\'s certificate of designation for the Company Senior Preferred
Shares) to the Closing Date, for each Senior Preferred Share.  
"Shareholder Holdback" means an amount in cash equal to the product of (i)
the Shareholder Holdback Price Per Share multiplied by (ii) the number
of Company Common Shares held at the Closing in the aggregate by those
Persons that have not executed the Contribution Agreement and are listed on
Schedule 2.6.   "Shareholder Holdback Price Per Share" means the product of
(i) the Common Share Price multiplied by (ii) 33.33% (expressed as a
decimal).   "Shareholders\' Representative" has the meaning set forth in the
preface above.   "Significant Shareholder Disclosure Letter" has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.1 below.   "Significant Shareholders" has
the meaning set forth in the preface above.   "Subsidiary" means any
corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity with
respect to which a specified Person (or a Subsidiary thereof) owns at least
20% of the common stock or capital stock or has the power to vote or direct
the voting of sufficient securities to elect a majority of the directors or
otherwise direct the management of the entity.   "Surviving Corporation" has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b) below.   "Tax" means any federal,
state, local, or foreign income, gross receipts, license, payroll,
employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits,
environmental (including taxes under Code Sec. 59A), customs duties, capital
stock, franchise, profits, withholding, social security (or similar),
unemployment, disability, real property, personal property, sales, use, ad
valorem, transfer, registration, value added, alternative or add-on minimum,
estimated, claimed, unclaimed or abandoned property tax or other tax of any
kind whatsoever, including any interest, penalty, or addition
thereto, whether disputed or not, and shall include any liability in respect
of Taxes as a transferee or as an indemnitor, guarantor, surety or in a
similar capacity under any contract, Tax sharing agreement, Tax indemnity
agreement, Tax reimbursement agreement, arrangement, agreement, understanding
or commitment (whether oral or written) and any liability in respect of Taxes
which is payable by reason of contract, assumption, operation of law,
Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any predecessor or successor thereof
or any analogous or similar provision under state, local or foreign law) or
otherwise.   "Tax Return" means any return, declaration, report, claim for
refund, or information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any
schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.  
"Third Party Claim" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.4 below.  
"Transfer" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.8(c) below.   "Voting
Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(q) below.   9    
"WARN" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.5(a) below.   "WARN
obligations" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.5(a) below.   "Warrants"
means those certain warrants to purchase Company Common Shares listed in
Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter.   "Warrant Purchase Agreement"
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(g) below.   "Warrant Share Amount"
means the product of (a) the Common Share Price, less $1.00 (which is the
exercise price of the Warrants), multiplied by (b) the number of Company
Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants outstanding
immediately prior to or as of the Closing.   2. The Merger and Conversion of
Securities.   2.1 The Merger.   (a) On and subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Merger Sub shall be
merged with and into the Company (the "Merger") in accordance with the CGCL.
At the Closing, an agreement of merger, in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit K, with such changes, if any, as may be required by the California
Secretary of State (the "Agreement of Merger"), shall be duly executed and
acknowledged by the Merger Sub and the Company in accordance with the CGCL
and shall be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of California.
The Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the Agreement of Merger.
The date and time when the Merger shall become effective is hereinafter
referred to as the "Effective Time."   (b) At the Effective Time, the Merger
Sub shall be merged with and into the Company, and the separate corporate
existence of the Merger Sub shall cease, and the Company shall continue as
the "Surviving Corporation" under the laws of the State of California.  
(c) From and after the Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects set
forth in this Agreement and in Section 1107 of the CGCL.   (d) At the
Effective Time, the articles of incorporation of the Company shall be amended
and restated to incorporate the terms and provisions set forth in the
Agreement of Merger, until such articles of incorporation thereafter shall be
duly amended in accordance with applicable law. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the terms of the articles of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation concerning directors\' and officers\' indemnification shall
comply with the provisions of Section 8.8 below.   (e) The bylaws of the
Company as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
bylaws of the Surviving Corporation unless and until such bylaws thereafter
shall be changed in accordance with the provisions thereof, the provisions of
the articles of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and applicable
law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of the bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation concerning directors\' and officers\' indemnification shall
comply with the provisions of Section 8.8 below.   10     (f) At the
Effective Time, the directors of the Merger Sub shall be the directors of the
Surviving Corporation, with each of such directors to hold office, subject to
the applicable provisions of the CGCL and the articles of incorporation and
bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, until the next annual shareholders\'
meeting of the Surviving Corporation and until their respective successors
shall be duly elected or appointed and qualified. At the Effective Time, the
officers of the Merger Sub shall, subject to the applicable provisions of the
articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, be the
officers of the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors shall
be duly elected or appointed and qualified.   2.2 The Closing. The closing
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take
place at the offices of Bingham McCutchen LLP in Los Angeles, California,
commencing at 8:00 a.m. local time on the second business day following the
satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the obligations of the Parties to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (other than conditions with
respect to actions the respective Parties will take at the Closing itself) or
such other date, time and place as the Buyer and the Shareholders\'
Representative may mutually determine (the "Closing Date").   2.3
Deliveries at the Closing. At the Closing, (a) the Shareholders\'
Representative and the Company will deliver to the Buyer the various
certificates, instruments, and documents referred to in Section 7.1 below,
(b) the Buyer will deliver to the Company and the
Shareholders\' Representative the various certificates, instruments, and
documents referred to in Section 7.2 below, (c) the Buyer will deliver to the
FS Management Company, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to
the account or accounts designated by the Shareholders\' Representative, the
Net Working Capital Holdback and the Shareholder Holdback, (d) the Buyer will
deliver the Escrow Deposit, by wire transfer of immediately available funds,
to the account designated in the Escrow Agreement, or if, pursuant to the
terms of the form of Escrow Agreement, the Escrow Deposit would be delivered
as directed by the Shareholders\' Representative, to the account or accounts
designated by the Shareholders\' Representative, (e) the Company will deliver
to French, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to the account or
accounts designated by French, the French Bonus and French Make Whole Amount
(in each case as reduced by applicable withholdings for Taxes), and (f) the
Buyer will pay, to the appropriate parties, any Company and Shareholder
Transaction Expenses to the extent not previously paid, as directed by the
Shareholders\' Representative. The FS Management Company will hold the Net
Working Capital Holdback in accordance with Section 2.5(f) below, and will
hold the Shareholder Holdback in order to secure the obligation of those
individuals, who have not executed and delivered to the Shareholders\'
Representative the Contribution Agreement and are listed on Schedule 2.6, to
pay to the Significant Shareholders their proportionate share of any payment
that may be made by the Significant Shareholders to the Buyer pursuant to the
terms and provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement, so that such individuals
pay their share of such liabilities as if such parties had executed and
delivered to the Shareholders\' Representative the Contribution Agreement,
and in the manner provided for therein.   2.4 Effect on Capital Stock. At
the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of the Merger Sub, the Buyer, the Company or any holder of Company
Shares, Company Options or Warrants:   11     (a) Each issued and
outstanding share of common stock of the Merger Sub shall be converted into
and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the
Surviving Corporation.   (b) Each Company Preferred Share shall
be converted into a right to receive, upon surrender of the
certificate representing such Company Preferred Share, cash equal to the
Junior Preferred Share Price (in the case of Company Junior Preferred Shares)
or the Senior Preferred Share Price (in the case of Company Senior Preferred
Shares), as applicable.   (c) Each Company Common Share shall be
converted into a right to receive, upon surrender of the certificate
representing such Company Common Share, cash equal to the Common Share Price,
less (i) such holder\'s proportionate share of the Net Working Capital
Holdback (based on the sum of the number of Company Common Shares outstanding
immediately prior to the Closing, plus the number of Company Common Shares
issuable upon the exercise of the Company Options and the Warrants
outstanding immediately prior to the Closing), and (ii) for those holders of
Company Common Shares that have not executed and delivered to the
Shareholders\' Representative the Contribution Agreement and are listed on
Schedule 2.6, an additional amount equal to the Shareholder Holdback Price
Per Share.   (d) Each Company Option that is outstanding immediately prior
to or as of the Effective Time, and is held by a Person that has executed and
delivered to the Shareholders\' Representative the Contribution Agreement,
shall be cancelled in exchange for a lump sum cash payment, to be paid by the
Surviving Corporation at the Closing upon its receipt of a release in the
form of Exhibit A attached hereto, equal to the product of (i) the number of
Company Common Shares subject to such Company Option and (ii) the excess
of the Common Share Price over the exercise price per share of such Company
Option, subject to any required withholding of Taxes, and less such
holder\'s proportionate share of the Net Working Capital Holdback (based on
the sum of the number of Company Common Shares outstanding immediately prior
to the Closing plus the number of Company Common Shares issuable upon the
exercise of the Company Options and the Warrants outstanding immediately
prior to the Closing).   (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary, but only to the extent required by the CGCL, and subject
to Section 5.8 below, Company Common Shares that are issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and are held by Persons
who comply with all the provisions of the CGCL concerning appraisal rights
for the fair value of their Company Common Shares in connection with the
merger (the "Dissenting Shareholders") shall not be converted into the right
to receive the Common Share Price, but shall become the right to receive such
consideration as may be determined to be due such Dissenting Shareholder
pursuant to Section 1300 of the CGCL.   (f) The Buyer agrees to transmit
any payment required to be made pursuant to the terms and provisions of this
Section 2.4, to a holder of Company Preferred Shares, Company Common Shares
or Company Options, and that would equal or exceed $100,000, to such holder
by wire transfer at the Closing of immediately available funds, upon valid
delivery to the Buyer by such holder of duly completed wire transfer
information that is adequate to enable Buyer to effect such payment in such
manner.   2.5 Purchase Price Adjustment. The Preliminary Purchase Price
shall be subject to adjustment according to this Section 2.5.   12    
(a) At least three (3) business days prior to the Closing Date, the Company
shall deliver to the Buyer an estimated balance sheet as of the opening of
business on the Closing Date (the "Estimated Closing Date Balance Sheet") and
a good faith written estimate of the Net Working Capital Amount and the cash
of the Company as of the opening of business on the Closing Date
(respectively, the "Estimated Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount" and
the "Estimated Closing Date Cash"). For purposes of the estimate of the
amount of cash, such estimate shall reflect (i) a deduction from any
cash balance in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all drafts, checks
and wire transfers issued on accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries
that remain outstanding and uncleared as of such time and date, and (ii) an
addition to any cash balance in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of
all drafts, checks and wire transfers that have been received by the Company
and its Subsidiaries as of such time and date but that have either not been
cashed or not been cleared. The Estimated Closing Date Balance Sheet, the
Estimated Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount and the Estimated Closing
Date Cash shall be prepared in accordance with Schedule 1.1(a) (which will
exclude transaction related items) and GAAP, including the accounting
principles, practices and methodologies specified and described on Schedule
1.1(b), and using the same accounting principles, practices and
methodologies, consistently applied, that were used to prepare the December
31, 2003 Balance Sheet, and, at the Company\'s election, may be based on the
Company\'s most recent regularly prepared balance sheet for the end of the
month immediately preceding the month in which the Closing actually occurs;
provided, that, whether or not required by GAAP, any "Swedish Social Tax" or
other Tax payable by the Company or to be paid by the Company on behalf of
holders of Company Options who reside outside the United States (other than
any Taxes for withholding), as a result of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, will be included as an accrual on the Estimated Closing Date
Balance Sheet. Solely for purposes of the Estimated Closing Date Balance
Sheet and the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet, the Buyer hereby approves and
agrees to the application of GAAP as set forth on Schedule 1.1(b). If the
Estimated Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount is greater than the
December 31, 2003 Net Working Capital Amount, the Preliminary Purchase
Price shall be increased by such amount. If the Estimated Closing Date Net
Working Capital Amount is less than the December 31, 2003 Net Working Capital
Amount, the Preliminary Purchase Price shall be reduced by such amount. The
Company will also deliver to the Buyer, at least five (5) business days prior
to the Closing Date, a certificate setting forth an estimate of the Company
and Shareholder Transaction Expenses as of the Closing Date.   (b) Within
sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the Buyer will prepare and deliver to
the Shareholders\' Representative a balance sheet of the Company as of the
opening of business on the Closing Date (the "Final Closing Date Balance
Sheet"), including a calculation of the Net Working Capital Amount and the
cash of the Company as of the Closing Date (respectively, the "Closing Date
Net Working Capital Amount" and the "Closing Date Cash"). The Final Closing
Date Balance Sheet shall be prepared in accordance with Schedule 1.1(a) and
GAAP as set forth on Schedule 1.1(b) and using the same accounting
principles, practices and methodologies, consistently applied, that were used
to prepare the December 31, 2003 Balance Sheet; provided, that, whether or
not required by GAAP, any "Swedish Social Tax" or other Tax payable by the
Company or to be paid by the Company on behalf of holders of Company Options
who reside outside the United States (other than any Taxes for withholding),
as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will be
included as an accrual on the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet. If the Buyer
fails to deliver the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet to the Shareholders\'
Representative within sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, then the Buyer
and the holders of the Company Common Shares, the Company Options and the
Warrants shall be bound by the calculation of the Estimated Closing Date
Net Working Capital Amount and the Estimated Closing Date Cash that was
delivered by the   13    Company to the Buyer pursuant to Section
2.5(a) of this Agreement, and the Estimated Closing Date Net Working Capital
Amount shall be deemed to be the Final Closing Date Net Working Capital
Amount, the Estimated Closing Date Cash shall be deemed to be the Final
Closing Date Cash, and any required payments shall be made pursuant to
Section 2.5(d) below based on such Final Closing Date Net Working Capital
Amount and Final Closing Date Cash. If any reserve in the Final Closing Date
Balance Sheet is adjusted, for any reason other than changes in circumstances
occurring since the date of December 31, 2003 Balance Sheet, a corresponding
adjustment will be made to the comparable reserves contained in the December
31, 2003 Balance Sheet. If any changes are made in the Final Closing Date
Balance Sheet to reflect GAAP, such changes shall also be made to the
December 31, 2003 Balance Sheet and the Estimated Closing Date Balance Sheet.
For purposes of determining the Closing Date Cash, the cash of the Company
shall reflect (i) a deduction from any cash balance in an amount equal to the
aggregate amount of all drafts, checks and wire transfers issued on Company
accounts that remain outstanding and uncleared as of such time and date, and
(ii) an addition to any cash balance in an amount equal to the
aggregate amount of all drafts, checks and wire transfers that had been
received by the Company as of such time and dated but that have either not
been cashed or not been cleared.   (c) The Shareholders\' Representative
shall have a period commencing upon delivery of the Final Closing Date
Balance Sheet by the Buyer and expiring twenty (20) days after such delivery
date to review the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet. During this period, the
Shareholders\' Representative and its representatives and accountants shall
have full access during regular business hours and upon reasonable notice to
all relevant books and records and employees of the Surviving Corporation to
the extent necessary to review matters and information related to the
preparation of the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet (and including without
limitation any financial and other information relating to periods after the
Closing Date that may be relevant to or helpful in the review of the Final
Closing Date Balance Sheet and the calculation of the Closing Date Net
Working Capital Amount and the Closing Date Cash) in a manner not
unreasonably interfering with the business of the Surviving Corporation.
In the event the Shareholders\' Representative disputes the determination of
the Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount and/or the Closing Date Cash,
the Shareholders\' Representative shall, within twenty (20) days after
delivery of the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet, deliver a notice to the
Buyer (the "Adjustment Dispute Notice"), setting forth in reasonable detail
the component or components which are in dispute and the basis of such
dispute. If the Shareholders\' Representative fails to deliver an Adjustment
Dispute Notice to the Buyer within twenty (20) days after the Buyer\'s
delivery of the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet, then the Shareholders\'
Representative shall be bound by the calculation of the Closing Date Net
Working Capital Amount and the Closing Date Cash that accompanied the Final
Closing Date Balance Sheet prepared by the Buyer, and the Closing Date Net
Working Capital Amount and the Closing Date Cash shall be deemed to be the
Final Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount and the Final Closing Date
Cash, respectively, and any required payments shall be made pursuant to
Section 2.5(d) below based on such Final Closing Date Net Working Capital
Amount and such Final Closing Date Cash. If the Shareholders\' Representative
delivers the Adjustment Dispute Notice within such twenty (20) day period,
then the Buyer and the Shareholders\' Representative will use reasonable
efforts to resolve any such dispute within ten (10) days after receipt by the
Buyer of the Adjustment Dispute Notice. If the Buyer and the Shareholders\'
Representative fail to resolve any such dispute within ten (10) days after
receipt by the Buyer of the Adjustment Dispute Notice, they shall submit the
dispute to KPMG LLP (the "Reviewing Accountant") to review the Closing Date
Net Working Capital Amount and/or the Closing Date Cash, as applicable, set
forth on the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet. The Buyer and
the Shareholders\' Representative shall make available to the  
14    Reviewing Accountant all work papers and all other information and
material in their possession relating to the matters in the Adjustment
Dispute Notice. The Reviewing Accountant shall be instructed to use its
commercially reasonable efforts to deliver its determination as promptly as
practicable after such submission of the dispute to the Reviewing Accountant.
The Parties hereby expressly agree that the determination of the Reviewing
Accountant shall be final and binding on the parties (absent fraud or
manifest bad faith by the Reviewing Accountant). The Closing Date Net Working
Capital Amount and the Closing Date Cash on the Final Closing Date Balance
Sheet as determined by the Buyer (if not disputed), or as modified (if at
all) by agreement of the Buyer and the Shareholders\' Representative or by
decision of the Reviewing Accountant, shall be the "Final Closing Date Net
Working Capital Amount" and the "Final Closing Date Cash", respectively. Each
Party shall bear its own expenses and the fees and expenses of its own
representatives and experts, including its independent accountants, in
connection with the preparation, review, dispute (if any) and final
determination of the Final Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount and the
Final Closing Date Cash, and such fees and expenses of the holders of the
Company Common Shares, the Company Options and the Warrants shall be paid, if
necessary, from the Net Working Capital Holdback. The costs, expenses and
fees of the Reviewing Accountant shall be borne by the holders of the Company
Common Shares, the Company Options and the Warrants, on the one hand, and the
Buyer, on the other hand, based on the percentage which the portion of the
contested amount not awarded to such Party bears to the amount actually
contested by such Party (and which, in the case of the holders of the Company
Common Shares, the Company Options and the Warrants, shall be paid,
if necessary, from the Net Working Capital Holdback). Such costs to be borne
by the holders of the Company Common Shares, the Company Options and the
Warrants, if not so otherwise paid, shall ultimately be paid by the
Shareholders\' Representative.   (d) Within ten (10) days after the Final
Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount and the Final Closing Date Cash have
become final and binding on the parties pursuant to Section 2.5(c), the
Preliminary Purchase Price will be adjusted as follows (the Preliminary
Purchase Price as so adjusted is referred to as the "Purchase Price"):  
(i) If the sum of the Final Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount and the
Final Closing Date Cash is greater than the sum of (A) the Estimated Closing
Date Net Working Capital Amount plus (B) the Estimated Closing Date Cash plus
(C) $50,000, the Buyer shall pay to the FS Management Company (for the
benefit of the holders of the Company Common Shares, the Company Options and
the Warrants), by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account
designated by the Shareholders\' Representative, an amount equal to such
excess, which amount will be added to the Net Working Capital Holdback and
allocated and distributed as provided in Section 2.5.   (ii) If the sum of
the Final Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount and the Final Closing Date
Cash is less than the difference between (A) the sum of the Estimated Closing
Date Net Working Capital Amount and the Estimated Closing Date Cash minus (B)
$50,000, the Shareholders\' Representative shall pay to the Buyer, by wire
transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by the
Buyer, an amount equal to such deficit.   (e) Any amounts payable pursuant
to this Section 2.5 will bear interest from and including the Closing Date to
but excluding the date of payment at the Applicable Rate.   15     (f)
The FS Management Company agrees that it shall retain, and not distribute to
the general or limited partners of the Shareholders\' Representative, or to
the holders of the Company Common Shares, the Company Options or the
Warrants, $3,000,000 of the Preliminary Purchase Price (the "Net Working
Capital Holdback"), until the Final Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount
and the Final Closing Date Cash have become final and binding on the Parties
pursuant to Section 2.5(c), and all amounts required to be paid by the
Shareholders\' Representative or the Buyer pursuant to Section 2.5(d) have
been paid in full. The Shareholders\' Representative will direct the FS
Management Company to pay any Company and Shareholder Transaction
Expenses exceeding the estimate thereof (including any increase in the
estimate thereof as a result of fees and expenses that may be payable to the
Escrow Agent pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement), from the Net
Working Capital Holdback. After the Final Closing Date Net Working Capital
Amount and Final Closing Date Cash have become final and binding on the
Parties pursuant to Section 2.5(c), all amounts required to be paid by the
Shareholders\' Representative or Buyer pursuant to Section 2.5(d) have been
paid in full, and any additional Company and Shareholder Transaction Expenses
have been paid or otherwise provided for (in each case by the Shareholders\'
Representative), the Shareholders\' Representative shall recalculate the
French Make Whole Amount based on the adjusted Purchase Price and (i) in the
event that the Shareholders\' Representative makes a payment to Buyer
pursuant to Section 2.5(d), the Company shall pay to French, concurrent with
the Company\'s receipt from the Shareholders\' Representative of an amount in
cash equal to the FMWA Underpayment (as defined below), an amount equal to
the difference between the recalculated French Make Whole Amount and the
French Make Whole Amount paid to French at the Closing pursuant to Section
2.3(e) (such difference, the "FMWA Underpayment"), less applicable
withholding for Taxes on the FMWA Underpayment or (ii) in the event that
Buyer makes a payment to the Shareholders\' Representative pursuant
to Section 2.5(d), an amount equal to the difference between the French Make
Whole Amount paid to French at the Closing pursuant to Section 2.3(e) and
the recalculated French Make Whole Amount (such difference, the "FMWA
Overpayment") shall be deducted from the amount French would otherwise
receive from the Net Working Capital Holdback. Any amount remaining in the
Net Working Capital Holdback after the payment of such expenses, and after
deducting the FMWA Underpayment or adjusting for the FMWA Overpayment
pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, shall be distributed by the
FS Management Company pro rata to the holders of the Company Common Shares,
the Company Options and the Warrants (based on the sum of the number of
Company Common Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Closing, plus the
number of Company Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Company
Options and the Warrants outstanding immediately prior to the Closing).  
2.6 Method of Payment.   (a) The Buyer shall act as its own paying
agent under this Agreement for purposes of distributing the Preliminary
Purchase Price, the Junior Preferred Share Amount and the Senior Preferred
Share Amount as contemplated hereby. On the Closing Date, the Buyer shall
segregate (and, in the case of the Company Options, cause the Surviving
Corporation to segregate) into a separate account monies in an amount equal
to the Preliminary Purchase Price (less the amount of the Net Working Capital
Holdback and the Shareholder Holdback), the Junior Preferred Share Amount and
the Senior Preferred Share Amount and shall hold the same for the holders of
the Company Shares and the Company Options under this Agreement.   (b)
Promptly after the date of this Agreement, and from time to time following
the exercise of any Company Options or Warrants prior to the Effective Time,
the   16    Company shall send to each holder of Company Common Shares
and to each holder of Company Preferred Shares a letter of transmittal from
such holder to the Buyer in substantially the forms of Exhibit B and Exhibit
C attached hereto (as applicable, the "Letter of Transmittal") stating:  
(i) that payment of the Common Share Price (less such holder\'s proportionate
share of the Net Working Capital Holdback), Junior Preferred Share Price or
Senior Preferred Share Price, as applicable, payable to such holder shall be
made against and only upon delivery to the Buyer by such holder of the
certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented
outstanding Company Shares (the "Certificates") owned by such Person; and  
(ii) that risk of loss and title to the Certificates and other items required
to be delivered by the holder shall pass only upon delivery of such items to
the Buyer, and that all such items the form of which is not attached hereto
shall be in customary form, including such customary provisions as the
Surviving Corporation or the Buyer reasonably may specify in its written
instructions for use by the holders of the Company Shares in effecting the
surrender to the Buyer of such items.   (c) Following the execution and
delivery to the Buyer of a Letter of Transmittal by a holder of Company
Shares accompanied by the Certificates, at the Closing the Buyer shall pay
(or, if such execution and delivery occurs after the Closing, the Buyer shall
pay within three (3) business days) by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to the account designated by the holder of Company Shares in its Letter
of Transmittal, the Common Share Price, Junior Preferred Share Price or
Senior Preferred Share Price, as applicable, deliverable in respect thereof,
less, in the case of holders of Company Common Shares only, (i) such
holder\'s proportionate share of the Net Working Capital Holdback (based in
each case on the sum of the number of Company Common Shares outstanding
immediately prior to the Closing plus the number of Company Common Shares
issuable upon the exercise of the Company Options and the Warrants
outstanding immediately prior to the Closing) as provided in Section 2.5(f),
and (ii) for those holders of Company Common Shares that have not executed
and delivered to the Shareholders\' Representative the Contribution Agreement
and are listed on Schedule 2.6, an additional amount equal to the Shareholder
Holdback Price Per Share. The Shareholders\' Representative will provide to
Buyer an update to Schedule 2.6 immediately prior to the Closing. Until so
surrendered, each Certificate shall be deemed, for all corporate purposes, to
evidence only the right to receive upon such surrender the amount to which
such Person is entitled pursuant to this Section 2. No interest shall be paid
or accrued in respect of any cash payments made hereunder.   (d) If the
Common Share Price, Junior Preferred Share Price or Senior Preferred Share
Price (or any portion thereof) is to be delivered to a Person other than the
Person in whose name the Certificates surrendered in exchange therefore are
registered, it shall be a condition to the payment of such amount that the
Certificates so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers and otherwise in proper form for transfer, that such
transfer otherwise be proper and that the Person requesting such transfer pay
to the Buyer any transfer or other Taxes payable by reason of the foregoing
or establish to the satisfaction of the Buyer that such Taxes have been paid
or are not required to be paid.   (e) At and after the Effective Time, each
holder of a Certificate representing Company Shares shall cease to have any
rights as a shareholder of the Company, except for the right to surrender its
Certificate in exchange for payment of the Common Share Price (less  
17    such holder\'s proportionate share of the Net Working Capital
Holdback), Junior Preferred Share Price or Senior Preferred Share Price, as
applicable. No transfer of Company Shares shall be made on the stock transfer
books of the Surviving Corporation. Certificates presented to the Surviving
Corporation after the Effective Time shall be canceled and exchanged for the
Common Share Price (less such holder\'s proportionate share of the Net
Working Capital Holdback), Junior Preferred Share Price or Senior Preferred
Share Price, as applicable, as provided in this Section 2. At the close of
business on the day of the Effective Time the stock ledger of the Company
with respect to Company Shares shall be closed.   (f) In the event any
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed, the Buyer shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen
or destroyed Certificate the amount deliverable in respect thereof as
determined in accordance with this Section 2; provided, that the Person to
whom such amount is paid shall, as a condition precedent to the payment
thereof, indemnify the Surviving Corporation in a manner satisfactory to it
against any claim that may be made against the Surviving Corporation with
respect to the Certificate claimed to have been lost, stolen or
destroyed.   (g) The Buyer shall make no distribution of a Dissenting
Shareholder\'s Common Share Price unless and until the validity of such claim
as a Dissenting Shareholder (subject to Section 5.8 below) has
been determined and the fair value of a Dissenting Shareholder\'s Company
Common Shares has been determined for any Dissenting Shareholder in the
manner contemplated by Section 1300 of the CGCL. At that time, the Buyer
shall pay to the Buyer or the Surviving Corporation from the segregated fund
established under Section 2.6(a) above the Common Share Price for the
Dissenting Shareholder\'s Company Common Shares, and the Buyer or the
Surviving Corporation shall pay from its own funds the fair value of such
Dissenting Shareholder\'s Company Common Shares.   (h) Any portion of the
segregated Preliminary Purchase Price, Junior Preferred Share Amount or
Senior Preferred Share Amount on deposit with the Buyer that remains
undistributed for one (1) year after the Effective Time shall be delivered to
or as directed by Buyer, upon demand, and any holders of Certificates who
have not theretofore complied with this Section 2 shall thereafter look only
to Buyer (subject to abandoned property, escheat and other similar legal
requirements) as a general creditor for payment of their claim for the same,
with such sums to be paid only upon compliance by such holder of Company
Shares with all conditions to payment of the same specified in this Section
2.   (i) Each of Buyer and the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this
Agreement to any Person hereunder such amounts as it is required to deduct
and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any provision of state,
local or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by the
Surviving Corporation or the Buyer, as the case may be, such withheld amounts
shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to
the Person entitled hereunder to receive the amounts in respect of which
such deduction and withholding was made by the Surviving Corporation or the
Buyer, as the case may be.   18     2.7 Repayment of Indebtedness.
Concurrent with the Closing, Buyer, subject to its receipt of payoff letters
as contemplated by Section 7.1(i), shall, or shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to repay, or cause to be repaid, on behalf of the Company, any
Indebtedness (other than the Company Senior Subordinated Notes) that at that
time remains outstanding, by wire transfer of immediately available funds as
set forth in instructions delivered to Buyer by the Company.   2.8
Contingent Purchase Price. In addition to any amounts payable to the holders
of Company Common Shares and Company Options pursuant to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, if the Escrow Deposit is released, either by
the Escrow Agent or the Buyer, to the designee or designees of
the Shareholders\' Representative pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
Escrow Agreement and the satisfaction of the conditions contained therein, or
of this Agreement, then such amount shall be applied (a) first, to reimburse
the Company for the payment of the French Additional Bonus (reduced by
applicable withholding for Taxes), which amount the Company shall pay to
French concurrently with the reimbursement of such amount to the Company by
the Shareholders\' Representative, and (b) second, to the payment of any
increase in the Company and Shareholder Transaction Expenses over the amount
thereof previously paid, and (c) the remaining amount shall be increased (by
virtue of a reduction in the amount payable to French pursuant to this
Section 2.8(c)) by an amount equal to the French Make Whole Amount, as
determined and giving effect to any adjustment made pursuant to Section
2.5(f) of this Agreement, and then be distributed pro rata to the holders of
the Company Common Shares, the Company Options and the Warrants, in each case
as if such amounts constituted part of the Purchase Price to be distributed
to such holders pursuant to this Agreement, and based on the sum of the
number of Company Common Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Closing,
plus the number of Company Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of the
Company Options and the Warrants outstanding immediately prior to or as of
the Closing, but less, in the case of French only, an amount equal to the
French Make Whole Payment as determined and giving effect to any adjustment
thereto pursuant to the terms of Section 2.5(f) of this Agreement; provided,
however, that the increase pursuant to clause (c) shall not, in any event,
exceed the reduction in the amount to be paid to French (unless such excess
amount is first paid to the Company by French or the Shareholders\'
Representative).   2.9 Company Retention Payment Obligation. In addition
to any amounts payable to the holders of Company Common Shares and Company
Options pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, if the full
amount of the Company Retention Payment Obligation or the Agreed Upon
Retention Amount has not, as of January 15, 2005 been paid by the Company to
the persons entitled thereto, then the unpaid portion(s) of the Company
Retention Payment Obligation and fifty percent (50%) of the unpaid portions
of the Agreed Upon Retention Amount shall be paid to the FS Management
Company by Buyer, and such amount shall be distributed by the FS Management
Company as directed by the Shareholders\' Representative pro rata to the
holders of the Company Common Shares, the Company Options and the Warrants,
in each case as if such amount constituted part of the Purchase Price to be
distributed to such holders pursuant to this Agreement, and based on the sum
of the number of Company Common Shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Closing, plus the number of Company Common Shares issuable upon the exercise
of the Company Options and the Warrants outstanding immediately prior to the
Closing.   19     3. Representations and Warranties Concerning the
Transaction.   3.1 Representations and Warranties of the
Significant Shareholders. As of the date of this Agreement and except as set
forth in the disclosure letter delivered by the Significant Shareholders to
the Buyer concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the
"Significant Shareholder Disclosure Letter"), each of the Significant
Shareholders represents and warrants to the Buyer, severally and not jointly,
with respect to himself, as follows:   (a) Organization of Certain
Significant Shareholder. If the Significant Shareholder is an entity, the
Significant Shareholder is duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization.   (b)
Authorization of Transaction. The Significant Shareholder has full power and
authority (including, if the Significant Shareholder is a corporation, full
corporate power and authority) to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
perform his or its obligations hereunder. The Significant Shareholders have
acted consistent with their fiduciary duties, and this Agreement has been
duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Significant Shareholder, and
constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the Significant
Shareholder, enforceable against the Significant Shareholder in accordance
with its terms and conditions, subject to the effect of bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to
creditors\' rights generally and general equitable principles. The
Significant Shareholder need not give any notice to, make any filing with, or
obtain any authorization, consent, or approval of any government
or governmental agency in order to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, other than the filings required to be made by the
Shareholders\' Representative, Holding or the Company under the HSR Act and
any other applicable Antitrust Laws.   (c) Noncontravention. Neither the
execution and delivery by the Significant Shareholder of this Agreement, nor
the consummation by the Significant Shareholder of the transactions
contemplated hereby, will (i) violate any constitution, statute, regulation,
rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge, or other
restriction of any government, governmental agency, or court to which the
Significant Shareholder is subject or, if the Significant Shareholder is a
corporation, any provision of its charter or bylaws, or (ii) conflict with,
result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in the acceleration
of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify, or
cancel, or require any notice or consent under any material agreement,
contract, lease, license, instrument, or other arrangement to which the
Significant Shareholder is a party or by which he or it is bound or to which
any of his or its assets is subject, other than termination of the waiting
period under the HSR Act and any other applicable Antitrust Laws.   (d)
Brokers\' Fees. Except for fees and commissions payable to Citigroup, the
Significant Shareholder has no liability or obligation to pay any fees or
commissions to any broker, finder, or agent with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement for which the Buyer could become liable or
obligated.   (e) Company Shares. The Significant Shareholder holds of
record and owns beneficially the number of Company Shares or Warrants set
forth next to his or its name in Section 4.2 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, free and clear of any restrictions on transfer (other than
any restrictions under the Securities Act and state securities laws),
Taxes, Security Interests, options, warrants, purchase rights, contracts,
commitments, equities, claims, and demands. The   20    Significant
Shareholder is not a party to any option, warrant, purchase right, or other
contract or commitment that could require the Significant Shareholder to
sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any capital stock of the
Company (other than this Agreement). The Significant Shareholder is not a
party to any voting trust, proxy, or other agreement or understanding with
respect to the voting of any capital stock of the Company.   3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Buyer and the Merger Sub. As of the
date of this Agreement and except as set forth in the disclosure letter
delivered by the Buyer to the Shareholders\' Representative concurrently with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the "Buyer Disclosure Letter"),
the Buyer and Merger Sub represent and warrant to the Company and the
Significant Shareholders, jointly and severally, as follows:   (a)
Organization. The Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing,
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with all
requisite corporate power and authority to own, operate and lease its
properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. The
Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the laws of the State of California with all
requisite corporate power and authority to own, operate and lease its
properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.   (b)
Authorization of Transaction. Each of the Buyer and the Merger Sub has full
power and authority (including full corporate power and authority) to execute
and deliver this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and the Warrant Purchase
Agreement, as applicable, and to perform its obligations hereunder. This
Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and the Warrant Purchase Agreement have been
duly authorized, executed and delivered by Buyer and Merger Sub, as
applicable, and each constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of
each of the Buyer and the Merger Sub, as applicable, enforceable in
accordance with its terms and conditions, subject to the effect
of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws
relating to creditors\' rights generally and general equitable principles.
Neither the Buyer nor the Merger Sub need give any notice to, make any filing
with, or obtain any authorization, consent, or approval of any government or
governmental agency in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and the Warrant Purchase Agreement,
other than the filings required to be made by the Buyer under the HSR Act and
any other applicable Antitrust Laws.   (c) Noncontravention. Neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and the
Warrant Purchase Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, will (i) violate any constitution, statute, regulation,
rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge, or other
restriction of any government, governmental agency, or court to which either
the Buyer or the Merger Sub is subject or any provision of its charter or
bylaws, or (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default
under, result in the acceleration of, create in any party the right to
accelerate, terminate, modify, or cancel, or require any notice or consent
under any material agreement, contract, lease, license, instrument, or other
arrangement to which any of the Buyer or the Merger Sub is a party or by
which it is bound or to which any of its assets is subject, other than
termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act and any other applicable
Antitrust Laws.   (d) Brokers\' Fees. Neither the Buyer nor the Merger Sub
has any liability or obligation to pay any fees or commissions to any broker,
finder, or agent with respect to   21    the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and the Warrant Purchase Agreement
for which any Significant Shareholder could become liable or obligated.  
(e) Investment. The Buyer is not acquiring the Company Shares with a view to
or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof within the meaning of
the Securities Act.   (f) Financing. The Buyer has available, including
borrowing capacity under credit facilities or like arrangements, the funds
necessary to pay the Purchase Price, the Junior Preferred Share Amount, the
Senior Preferred Share Amount and the Warrant Share Amount as contemplated by
this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and the Warrant Purchase Agreement.  
4. Representations and Warranties Concerning the Company and
Its Subsidiaries. As of the date of this Agreement and except as set forth in
the disclosure letter delivered by the Company to the Buyer concurrently with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure
Letter"), the Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as follows:  
4.1 Organization, Qualification, and Corporate Power. Each of the Company and
its Subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. Each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly authorized to conduct business
and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where such
qualification is required, except where the failure to be in good standing or
qualified would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Each of the Company
and its Subsidiaries has full corporate power and authority, and has all
material licenses, permits, and authorizations, in each case necessary
to carry on the businesses in which it is engaged and to own and use the
properties owned and used by it, except where the failure to have such
licenses, permits and authorizations would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole. The Company has full corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. The Board of
Directors of the Company has acted consistent with its fiduciary duties, and
this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the
Company, and constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms and
conditions, subject to the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, or similar laws relating to creditors\' rights generally and
general equitable principles. Section 4.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter
lists all of the directors and officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
The Company has delivered or made available to the Buyer correct and complete
copies of the charter and bylaws of each of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(as amended to date). The minute books (containing the records of meetings of
the Shareholders, the board of directors, and any committees of the board of
directors), the stock certificate books, and the stock record books of each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries are correct and complete in all material
respects. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in default under or in
violation in any respect of any provision of its charter, bylaws or
other organizational documents.   4.2 Capitalization. As of the date of
this Agreement, the entire authorized capital stock of the Company consists
of (a) 42,000,000 Company Common Shares, of which 10,654,293 Company Common
Shares are issued and outstanding and (b) 3,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, of which 588,156 Company Senior Preferred Shares are issued and
outstanding and 3,000 Company   22    Junior Preferred Shares are issued
and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding Company Shares have been
duly authorized, are validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, and are
held of record as set forth in Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter.
Except as set forth in Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there
are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, purchase rights,
subscription rights, conversion rights, exchange rights, or other contracts
or commitments (whether oral or written) that could require the Company to
issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become outstanding any of its capital
stock or any other equity security of the Company, including any right of
conversion or exchange under any outstanding security or other
instrument. There are no outstanding obligations of the Company to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company. None of the capital stock of the Company was issued in
material violation of any applicable laws (including rules, regulations,
codes, plans, injunctions, judgments, orders, decrees, rulings, and charges
thereunder). There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation,
phantom stock, profit participation, or similar rights with respect to the
Company. There are no voting trusts, proxies, or other agreements or
understandings with respect to the voting of the capital stock of the
Company. Except for the rights as shareholders of the shareholders identified
as holders of Company Shares in Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
Employee Benefit Plans disclosed pursuant to Section 4.18 below and as set
forth in Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no Person has any
right to participate in, or receive any payment based on any amount relating
to, the revenue, income, value or net worth of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any component or portion thereof, or any increase or decrease
in any of the foregoing. Each Company Option that is outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time, and is held by a person that has not executed
and delivered to the Shareholders\' Representative the Contribution
Agreement, shall terminate pursuant to its terms in the event that it remains
unexercised immediately as of the Effective Time.   4.3 Noncontravention.
Except as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither
the execution and the delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, will (a) violate in any material respect
any statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling,
charge, or other restriction of any government, governmental agency, or court
to which any of the Company and its Subsidiaries is subject or any provision
of the charter or bylaws of any of the Company and its Subsidiaries or (b)
conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in
the acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate,
modify, or cancel, or require any notice or consent under any material
agreement, contract, lease, license, instrument, or other arrangement to
which any of the Company and its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is
bound or to which any of its material assets is subject (or result in the
imposition of any Security Interest upon any of its assets), other
than termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act and any other
applicable Antitrust Laws. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries needs to
give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization,
consent, or approval of any government or governmental agency in order for
the Parties to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
other than the filings required to be made by the Shareholders\'
Representative, Holding or the Company under the HSR Act and any other
applicable Antitrust Laws.   4.4 Brokers\' Fees. Except for fees and
commissions payable to Citigroup, none of the Company and its Subsidiaries
has any liability or obligation to pay any fees or commissions to any broker,
finder, or agent with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   23     4.5 Title to Assets. Except as set forth in Section
4.5 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and its Subsidiaries have
good and marketable title to the material properties and assets used by them,
located on their premises, or shown on the December 31, 2003 Balance Sheet or
acquired after the date thereof, free and clear of all Security Interests,
except for properties and assets disposed of in the Ordinary Course of
Business since the date of the December 31, 2003 Balance Sheet. All
Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries that was previously secured
by the Security Interests listed under the headings "Trademarks" and
"Patents" on Section 4.5 of the Company Disclosure Letter has been paid and
satisfied in full.   4.6 Subsidiaries. Section 4.6 of the Company
Disclosure Letter sets forth for each Subsidiary of the Company (a) its name
and jurisdiction of incorporation, (b) the number of shares of authorized
capital stock of each class of its capital stock, (c) the number of issued
and outstanding shares of each class of its capital stock, the names of the
holders thereof, and the number of shares held by each such holder, and (d)
the number of shares of its capital stock held in treasury. All of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary of the Company
have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid, and
nonassessable. One of the Company and its Subsidiaries holds of record and
owns beneficially all of the outstanding shares of each Subsidiary of the
Company, free and clear of any restrictions on transfer (other than
restrictions under the Securities Act and state securities laws), Taxes,
Security Interests, options, warrants, purchase rights, contracts,
commitments, equities, claims, and demands. There are no outstanding or
authorized options, warrants, purchase rights, conversion rights, exchange
rights, or other contracts or commitments that could require any of
the Company and its Subsidiaries to sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of
any capital stock of any of its Subsidiaries or that could require any
Subsidiary of the Company to issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become
outstanding any of its own capital stock. There are no outstanding stock
appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation, or similar rights with
respect to any Subsidiary of the Company. There are no voting trusts,
proxies, or other agreements or understandings with respect to the voting of
any capital stock of any Subsidiary of the Company. None of the Company and
its Subsidiaries controls directly or indirectly or has any direct or
indirect equity participation in any corporation, partnership, trust, or
other business association which is not a Subsidiary of the Company.   4.7
Financial Statements; No Undisclosed Liabilities.   (a) Attached hereto as
Exhibit D are (i) audited consolidated balance sheets and statements of
income, changes in shareholders\' equity, and cash flow as of and for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2001, December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2003
(the "Fiscal Year End Financials") and (ii) the unaudited consolidated
balance sheet and statement of income, changes in shareholders\' equity, and
cash flow as of and for the three-month period ended March 31, 2004, in each
case for the Company and its Subsidiaries (the "Interim Financial Statements"
and, together with the financial statements specified in clause (i) above,
the "Financial Statements"). The Financial Statements have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
covered thereby, except as set forth in Schedule 1.1(b) attached hereto and
subject, in the case of the Interim Financial Statements, to the absence of
any notes thereto and to normal and recurring year-end adjustments thereto
that will not, individually or in the aggregate, be material in amount. The
Financial Statements present fairly in all material respects the financial
condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof, and
the results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods
covered thereby, and are consistent with the books   24    and records
of the Company and its Subsidiaries (which books and records are correct and
complete in all material respects).   (b) Except (i) as and to the extent
reflected and adequately reserved against in the Financial Statements, (ii)
for liabilities and obligations of a type not required under GAAP to be
disclosed in the Financial Statements or (iii) as set forth in Section 4.7(b)
of the Company Disclosure Letter, as of December 31, 2003, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries had any liabilities or obligations,
whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise. Since December 31, 2003,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability or
obligation, except for (i) liabilities and obligations incurred in the
Ordinary Course of Business or (ii) as set forth in Section 4.7(b) of the
Company Disclosure Letter.   (c) Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has any indebtedness or mandatorily redeemable capital stock
except for the Indebtedness, and there are no prepayment penalties or
premiums with respect to such indebtedness except as set forth in Section
4.7(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter.   4.8 Events Subsequent to the
Most Recent Fiscal Year End. Since December 31, 2003, there has not been any
Material Adverse Effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole
(other than, since the date of this Agreement, any effect arising from
changes in general industry conditions, changes in the US economy, including
as a result of acts of war or terrorism, changes in GAAP, changes in law or
regulations, or changes resulting from the fact that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement have been publicly disclosed). Except as set
forth in Section 4.8 of the Company Disclosure Letter, since December 31,
2003, the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective
businesses only in the Ordinary Course of Business, and:   (a) none of the
Company and its Subsidiaries has sold, leased, transferred, or assigned any
of its material assets, tangible or intangible, other than in the Ordinary
Course of Business;   (b) none of the Company and its Subsidiaries
has entered into any (i) agreement that is not terminable on 90 days\' notice
or less, or (ii) agreement, contract, lease or license (or series of
related agreements, contracts, leases, and licenses) either involving (x)
more than $250,000 or (y) (other than those relating to purchases of
supplies, purchases or sales of inventory) a commitment of one year or more,
or otherwise outside the Ordinary Course of Business;   (c) no party
(including any of the Company and its Subsidiaries) has accelerated,
terminated, modified, or cancelled any agreement, contract, lease, or license
(or series of related agreements, contracts, leases, and licenses) to which
any of the Company and its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is
bound and that involves more than $250,000 or is otherwise material to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and no party has threatened
to do so;   (d) none of the assets, tangible or intangible, of the Company
or the Subsidiaries has become subject to any Security Interest or had any
Security Interest to which it is or was subject modified in any material
respect;   25     (e) none of the Company and its Subsidiaries has made
any capital investment in, any loan to, or any acquisition of the securities
or assets of (including by merger or consolidation), any other Person (or
series of related capital investments, loans, and acquisitions);   (f) none
of the Company and its Subsidiaries has issued any note, bond, or other debt
security or created, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed any indebtedness for
borrowed money or capitalized lease obligation either involving more than
$250,000 or outside the Ordinary Course of Business, other than intercompany
guarantees;   (g) none of the Company and its Subsidiaries has delayed or
postponed the payment of any accounts payable and other material liabilities
outside the Ordinary Course of Business or accelerated or accepted the
prepayment of any notes or accounts receivable outside the Ordinary Course of
Business;   (h) none of the Company and its Subsidiaries has granted any
license or sublicense of any rights under or with respect to any Intellectual
Property;   (i) there has been no change made or authorized in the charter,
bylaws or other organizational documents of any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries;   (j) none of the Company and its Subsidiaries has issued,
sold, or otherwise disposed of any of its capital stock (except upon
the exercise of outstanding options), or granted any options, warrants, or
other rights to purchase or obtain (including upon conversion, exchange, or
exercise) any of its capital stock, other than payment-in-kind dividends
payable on the Company Senior Preferred Shares;   (k) none of the Company
and its Subsidiaries has declared, set aside, or paid any dividend or made
any distribution with respect to its capital stock (whether in cash or in
kind) or redeemed, purchased, or otherwise acquired any of its capital stock,
other than payment-in-kind dividends payable on the Company Senior Preferred
Shares;   (l) none of the Company and its Subsidiaries has experienced any
damage, destruction, or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) to any of
its material assets or property;   (m) none of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has made any loan to, or entered into any other transaction
with, any of its directors, officers or employees, other than travel and
expense advances in the Ordinary Course of Business;   (n) none of the
Company and its Subsidiaries has entered into any employment contract or
collective bargaining agreement, written or oral, or modified the terms of
any such existing contract or agreement;   (o) none of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has granted or paid any increase in the compensation of any of
its directors, officers or employees outside the Ordinary Course of Business,
other than agreements that the Company has entered into with certain of its
officers and employees that provide for retention payments to such
individuals in an aggregate amount not to exceed $750,000;   26     (p)
none of the Company and its Subsidiaries has adopted, amended, modified, or
terminated any bonus, profit sharing, incentive, severance, or other plan,
contract, or commitment for the benefit of any of its directors, officers,
and employees (or taken any such action with respect to any other Employee
Benefit Plan), other than (i) agreements that the Company has entered into
with certain of its officers and employees that provide for retention
payments to such individuals in an aggregate amount not to exceed $750,000,
(ii) the adoption of the Company\'s (x) 2004 Senior Management Incentive
Program and (y) 2004 EMEA Incentive Program and (iii) the approval or payment
of the Company\'s contributions for 2003 to the Hudson Respiratory Care Inc.
2003 Profit Sharing Plan and the Company\'s 2003 Senior Management
Incentive Program and 2003 EMEA Incentive Program;   (q) there has not been
any change in accounting methods or tax principles, practices or policies
followed by the Company and its Subsidiaries, any increase in reserves or any
revaluation of any of their assets from those in effect during or with
respect to the past fiscal year;   (r) neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has made or rescinded any material express or deemed
election relating to Taxes, settled or compromised any material claim, audit
or controversy relating to Taxes, entered into any Tax ruling, agreement,
contract, or plan, filed any amended Tax Return, or except as may be required
by applicable law, made any change to any of its material methods of
reporting income or deductions for federal income Tax purposes from those
employed in the preparation of its most recently filed federal income tax
return; and   (s) none of the Company or its Subsidiaries has committed to
any of the foregoing.   4.9 Legal Compliance; Permits and Licenses. Except
as set forth in Section 4.9 of the Company Disclosure Letter:   (a) Each of
the Company and its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with
all applicable laws (including rules, regulations, codes, plans, injunctions,
judgments, orders, decrees, rulings, and charges thereunder) of federal,
state and local governments (and all agencies thereof), and to the Knowledge
of the Company, no action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge,
complaint, claim, demand, or notice has been filed or commenced against, and
no notice, correspondence, inquiry or other communication (including any
notice from the FDA or other regulatory authority of any state, country or
other jurisdiction) has been received by, any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries alleging any failure to so comply; and   (b) Other than those
permits listed in Section 5.14(b) and Section 5.14(d) of this Agreement, the
Company and its Subsidiaries have all material permits, licenses, orders,
franchises and approvals of all federal, state and local governments (and all
agencies thereof) ("Permits") necessary for the operation of the businesses
of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, and to own, lease
or otherwise hold their respective assets and properties. Since January 1,
2000, no notice has been received by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries with
respect to any failure by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries to have any
material Permit required to operate the businesses of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as currently conducted. All such Permits are in full force and
effect, and no suspension, revocation, cancellation or adverse modification
of any of such items are pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened. Neither the Company nor   27    its Subsidiaries is in
material default or material non-compliance under any Permit. The products
currently sold or distributed by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries in the
United States that are required to be registered or listed with the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (the "FDA") under Section 360 of the Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 30 et seq.) and the applicable rules and
regulations thereunder, are so listed or registered. The businesses of the
Company and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with the current Good
Manufacturing Practices for Medical Devices regulations set forth in
C.F.R. Part 820 as well as the applicable record-keeping and reporting
requirements for Medical Devices Reporting set forth in 21 C.F.R. Part
803.   4.10 Tax Matters. Except as set forth in Section 4.10 of the Company
Disclosure Letter:   (a) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed
all material Tax Returns that it was required to file. All such Tax Returns
were correct and complete in all material respects. All Taxes owed by any of
the Company and its Subsidiaries have been or will be paid prior to
the Closing or accrued as a Tax liability or payable or as part of the Tax
reserve on the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet. None of the Company and
its Subsidiaries currently is the beneficiary of any extension of time within
which to file any Tax Return. Since December 31, 2000, the Company and
its Subsidiaries have not received notice of any claim by an authority in
a jurisdiction where any of the Company and its Subsidiaries do not currently
file Tax Returns stating that the Company and its Subsidiaries are or may be
subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. There are no Security Interests on
any of the assets of any of the Company and its Subsidiaries that arose in
connection with any failure (or alleged failure) to pay any Tax, except for
any Tax, the payment of which is not delinquent and not subject to penalties
or which is being contested in good faith.   (b) Each of the Company and
its Subsidiaries has withheld and paid all Taxes required to have been
withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee,
independent contractor, creditor, shareholder, or other third party and has
maintained all records with respect thereto as required by law.   (c) There
is no dispute or claim concerning any Tax liability of any of the Company and
its Subsidiaries either (i) claimed or raised by any authority in writing
delivered to any of the Company and its Subsidiaries or (ii) as to which the
Company has Knowledge based upon personal contact with any agent of such
authority. There is no audit, examination, or similar proceeding pending or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, proposed or threatened, with respect to
Taxes of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company has delivered or made
available to the Buyer correct and complete copies of all federal income Tax
Returns and all examination reports, and statements of deficiencies assessed
against or agreed to by any of the Company and its Subsidiaries for all
periods beginning after December 31, 2000.   (d) None of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has waived any statute of limitations in respect of Taxes or
agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment or
deficiency.   (e) None of the Company and its Subsidiaries has made any
payments, is obligated to make any payments, or is a party to any agreement
that under certain circumstances could obligate it to make any payments that
will not be deductible under Code Sec. 280G. None of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has been a United States real property holding
corporation within the meaning of Code Sec. 897(c)(2) during the applicable
period specified in Code Sec.   28    897(c)(1)(A)(ii). None of the
Company and its Subsidiaries is a party to any Tax allocation or sharing
agreement other than any agreement solely among the Company and any of its
Subsidiaries.   (f) The unpaid Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries as
of the Closing Date will not exceed the payable or liability for Taxes plus
the reserve for Tax liability (rather than any reserve for deferred Taxes
established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax income) as set
forth on the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet and taken into account
in determining the Final Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount.   (g)
Neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor any other Person on their
behalf (i) has filed a consent pursuant to Section 341(f) of the Code; (ii)
has executed or entered into a closing agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of
the Code or any predecessor provision thereof or any similar provision of
state, local or foreign law or any other agreement relating to Taxes that
could reasonably be expected to have an effect on the Company\'s or any
Subsidiary\'s liability for, or reporting of, Taxes in any period after
the Closing Date; or (iii) has agreed to or is required to make any
adjustments pursuant to Section 481(a) or Section 482 of the Code, nor, to
the Company\'s Knowledge, has any taxing authority proposed or is considering
any such adjustment. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has been a party
to a transaction that was intended to be governed by Section 355 of the
Code.   (h) Section 4.10 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth the
amount of the federal net operating losses of the Company and its
Subsidiaries through December 31, 2003 that will carry over and be available
to the Company and its Subsidiaries for taxable periods beginning on or after
the Closing Date and any existing limitation on the use of such net operating
losses under Section 382 of the Code (other than any limitation resulting
from the Merger).   4.11 Real Property.   (a) Section 4.11(a) of the
Company Disclosure Letter lists and describes briefly all real property owned
by the Company and its Subsidiaries (the "Owned Real Property"). The Company
has good and marketable title in fee simple in the Owned Real Property, free
and clear of all Security Interests. There are no pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened condemnation proceedings, lawsuits, or
administrative actions relating to the Owned Real Property which would have a
material adverse effect on the current use, occupancy or value thereof.  
(b) Section 4.11(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists and describes
briefly all real property leased or subleased to any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries (the "Leased Real Property"). The Company and its Subsidiaries
have valid legal right to use all of the Leased Real Property, free of
Security Interests (other than any Security Interests arising out of the
lease or similar agreement under which the Company and/or the Subsidiaries
uses or occupies the Leased Real Property). The Company has delivered to, or
made available for review by, the Buyer correct and complete copies of the
leases and subleases listed in Section 4.11(b) of the Company Disclosure
Letter (together with all amendments, extensions, renewals, guaranties and
other agreements with respect thereto).   With respect to each lease and
sublease listed in Section 4.11(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter:  
29     (i) the lease or sublease is legal, valid, binding, enforceable,
and in full force and effect against the Company and/or its Subsidiaries, as
applicable, and, to the knowledge of the Company, the other parties
thereto;   (ii) none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is in
material default, nor has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in its
capacity as a tenant or subtenant under a lease or sublease, received notice
of any event which, with the giving of time or passing of notice would
constitute a default;   (iii) there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of
the Company, threatened proceedings, lawsuits, or administrative actions
relating to the Leased Real Property that would materially and
adversely affect the Company\'s or its Subsidiaries\' possession, use, quiet
enjoyment, or occupancy of such property or the value thereof;   (iv) no
security deposit or portion thereof deposited with respect to such leases or
subleases has been applied in respect of a breach or default under such
leases that has not been redeposited in full;   (v) neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary owes any brokerage commissions or finder\'s fees with respect
to such leases or subleases;   (vi) the other party or parties to
such leases is not an Affiliate of, and otherwise does not have any economic
interest in, the Company or any Subsidiary; and   (vii) neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has subleased, licensed or otherwise granted any Person
the right to use or occupy the Leased Real Property.   (c) With respect to
the Temecula facility, the original roofing membranes remain on the buildings
and generally consist of asbestos containing felt plies with inter-mopped
asphalt. The original roofing membrane on each building at the Temecula
facility is now covered with polyurethane foam, with the exception of the
original roofing membrane on the manufacturing plant building, which is not
friable, in its present undisturbed condition, and is covered by a raised
metal roof. Each of the polyurethane foam covers has an additional
elastomeric coating, with the exception of the polyurethane cover on office
building A, which has a raised metal roof over the polyurethane foam.  
4.12 Intellectual Property.   (a) The Company and its Subsidiaries own or
have the right to use, pursuant to license, sublicense, agreement, or
permission, all material Intellectual Property used in the operation of the
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, and
each such item of Intellectual Property owned or used by the Company and its
Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Closing hereunder will be owned or
available for use by the Company or the Subsidiary on identical terms and
conditions immediately subsequent to the Closing hereunder.   (b) To the
Knowledge of the Company, except as set forth in Section 4.12(b) of the
Company Disclosure Letter, none of the Company and its Subsidiaries has
infringed upon or misappropriated any Intellectual Property rights of third
parties, and none of the Company and its Subsidiaries has received, in the
five (5) years preceding the date of this   30    Agreement, any written
charge, complaint, claim, demand, or notice alleging any such, infringement
or misappropriation (including any claim that any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries must license or refrain from using any Intellectual Property
rights of any third party). To the Knowledge of the Company, in the five (5)
years preceding the date of this Agreement, no third party has infringed upon
or misappropriated any Intellectual Property rights of any of the Company and
its Subsidiaries.   (c) Section 4.12(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter
identifies each issued or pending patent, issued or pending
copyright registration, pending trademark application or trademark
registration, or domain name registration, if any, which has been made by or
issued to any of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as well as each
unregistered copyright owned by the Company in any material software, and
identifies each license, agreement, or other permission which any of the
Company and its Subsidiaries has granted to any third party with respect to
any of its material Intellectual Property (together with any exceptions). The
Company has delivered or made available to the Buyer correct and complete
copies of all such applications and registrations, licenses, agreements, and
permissions (as amended to date) and has made available to the Buyer correct
and complete copies of all other written documentation evidencing ownership
and prosecution (if applicable) of each such item. Section 4.12(c) of the
Company Disclosure Letter also identifies each trade name or unregistered
trademark owned and currently being used by any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in connection with any of its businesses. With respect to each
item of Intellectual Property required to be identified in Section 4.12(c) of
the Company Disclosure Letter:   (i) the Company\'s and its
Subsidiaries\' right, title, and interest in and to the items are free and
clear of any Security Interest or undisclosed license;   (ii) the item is
not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling,
or charge of infringement or misappropriation; and   (iii) no action, suit,
proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge of infringement or
misappropriation, complaint, claim, or demand is currently pending and, to
the Knowledge of the Company, no action, suit, proceeding, hearing,
investigation, charge, complaint, claim or demand has been threatened in the
preceding eighteen (18) months which challenges the legality, validity,
enforceability, use, or ownership of the item.   (d) Section 4.12(d) of the
Company Disclosure Letter identifies each item of material Intellectual
Property that any third party owns and that any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries uses pursuant to license, sublicense, agreement, or permission.
The Company has delivered or made available to the Buyer correct and complete
copies of all such licenses, sublicenses, agreements, and permissions (as
amended to date). With respect to each item of Intellectual Property required
to be identified in Section 4.12(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter:   (i)
the license, sublicense, agreement, or permission covering the item is legal,
valid, binding, enforceable, and in full force and effect against the Company
and/or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and, to the Knowledge of the Company,
the other parties thereto;   (ii) to the Knowledge of the Company, no party
to the license, sublicense, agreement, or permission is in breach or default,
and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time would constitute
a breach or default or permit termination, modification, or acceleration
thereunder; and   31     (iii) none of the Company and its Subsidiaries
has granted any sublicense or similar right with respect to the license,
sublicense, agreement, or permission.   4.13 Tangible Assets; Sufficiency of
Assets. Except as set forth in Section 4.13(b) of the Company Disclosure
Letter:   (a) The tangible assets owned or leased by the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries have been maintained in the Ordinary Course of Business, are in
a good operating condition and repair in the aggregate (subject to normal
wear and tear), and are suitable for the purposes for which they currently
are used; and   (b) The rights, properties and other assets presently
owned, leased or licensed by the Company and its Subsidiaries include all
material rights, properties and other assets necessary to permit the
Company and its Subsidiaries to conduct their business in the same manner as
such business is currently conducted.   4.14 Contracts. Section 4.14 of the
Company Disclosure Letter lists the following contracts and other agreements
to which any of the Company and its Subsidiaries is a party:   (a) any
agreement (or group of related agreements) for the lease or use of personal
property to or from any Person providing for lease payments in excess of
$200,000 per annum;   (b) any agreement (or group of related agreements),
including agreements with group purchasing organizations or like parties, for
the purchase or sale of raw materials, goods, commodities, services,
utilities, equipment, supplies, products, or other personal property, or for
the furnishing or receipt of services, the performance of which (i)
will extend over a period of one (1) year or more and involve consideration
in excess of $200,000 per annum or (ii) involve consideration in excess of
$500,000 per annum (in each case other than purchase orders or sales orders
in the Ordinary Course of Business);   (c) any agreement concerning a
partnership, joint venture or like arrangement or providing for payments to
or by any Person based on or determined by reference to sales, purchases or
profits, other than direct payments for products, involving obligations in
excess of $250,000;   (d) any agreement that is an indenture, mortgage,
promissory note, loan agreement, guarantee of amounts owed by others, letter
of credit or other agreement or instrument of the Company or its Subsidiaries
for the borrowing or lending of funds by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries
or provides for the creation of any Security Interest upon any of the
property or assets of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries;   (e) any
agreement concerning confidentiality (other than (i) those entered into in
the Ordinary Course of Business, and (ii) those entered into with potential
buyers of the Company within six (6) months prior to the date of this
Agreement), or any other agreement concerning noncompetition or which
contains any covenant that purports to restrict the business activity of any
of the Company and its Subsidiaries or limits their ability to engage in any
line of business;   32     (f) any agreement with any of the holders of
the Company Shares and their Affiliates (other than the Company and
its Subsidiaries) or with any employee or director (other than employment or
stock option agreements);   (g) any profit sharing, stock option,
stock purchase, stock appreciation, deferred compensation or other equity-
based or profit sharing plan or arrangement for the benefit of its current or
former directors, officers, and employees;   (h) any collective bargaining
agreement;   (i) any agreement for the employment of any individual on a
full-time, part-time, consulting, or other basis providing annual
compensation in excess of $85,000 (including commissions and bonus payments)
or providing severance benefits;   (j) any agreement that is a sales,
marketing or distribution agreement that is material to the Company and/or
its Subsidiaries;   (k) any agreement that involves consideration in excess
of $200,000 per annum and that requires the Company and/or its Subsidiaries
to deal exclusively with or grant exclusive rights to any customer, vendor,
supplier, distributor, contractor or other party;   (l) any agreement that
includes minimum purchase conditions or requirements or other terms that
restrict or limit the purchasing relationships of the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries or any customer, licensee or lessee thereof;   (m) any
agreement that provides for "earn-outs" or other contingent payments;   (n)
any agreement with any of the Significant Shareholders or any Affiliate of
the Company or its Subsidiaries (other than employment and stock option
agreements and other than the Company Preferred Shares);   (o) any
agreement for the acquisition of the debt or equity securities or all or
substantially all of the assets of any other Person (including, without
limitation, by merger or consolidation).   The Company has delivered or made
available to the Buyer a correct and complete copy of each written agreement
listed in Section 4.14 of the Company Disclosure Letter, and Section 4.14 of
the Company Disclosure Letter describes in reasonable detail the material
terms and conditions of any oral agreement identified therein. With respect
to each such agreement: (i) the agreement is legal, valid, binding,
enforceable, and in full force and effect against the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries, as applicable, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, the other
parties thereto, and (ii) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is not in
material breach or default in any material respect under the terms of such
agreements. To the Knowledge of the Company, no other party to any of such
agreements is in breach or default in respect thereunder.   4.15
Insurance.   33     (a) Section 4.15 of the Company Disclosure Letter
sets forth the following information with respect to each insurance policy
(including policies providing property, casualty, liability, and
workers\' compensation coverage and bond and surety arrangements) to which
any of the Company and its Subsidiaries is a party, a named insured, or
otherwise the beneficiary of coverage: (i) the name of the insurer, the name
of the policyholder, and the name of each covered insured; and (ii) the
policy number and the period of coverage.   (b) With respect to each such
insurance policy: (i) the policy is in full force and effect; and (ii) none
of the Company or any of it Subsidiaries is in breach or default (including
with respect to the payment of premiums or the giving of notices) in any
material respect under the terms of such policy. There are no outstanding
unpaid amounts relating to material claims under any such insurance policy or
binder therefore. None of the Company nor its Subsidiaries has received a
notice of cancellation or non-renewal of any such insurance policy or binder
therefor. All premiums for each such insurance policy or binder have been
paid in full. Section 4.15 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true
and complete description of all outstanding bonds and other surety
arrangements issued or entered into in connection with the Company\'s and/or
its Subsidiaries\' business, assets and liabilities.   4.16 Litigation.
Section 4.16 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth each instance in
which any of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) is subject to any
outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, or charge or (ii) is
a party to any action, suit, proceeding, hearing, or investigation of, in, or
before any court or administrative agency of any federal, state or local
jurisdiction or before any arbitrator or (iii) is, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, proceeding,
hearing, or investigation of, in, or before any court or administrative
agency of any federal, state or local jurisdiction or before any arbitrator
that are material to the Company or that involves a claim or series of
related claims involving more than $250,000 in the aggregate (exclusive
of workers\' compensation claims in the Ordinary Course of Business). None of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, nor any of their assets or properties, is
subject to any order, judgment, injunction, writ, indictment or information,
grand jury subpoena or civil investigative demand, plea agreement,
stipulation, decree or award (whether rendered by a court, commission,
arbitration tribunal, or judicial, governmental or administrative department,
body, agency, administrator or official, grand jury or any other forum for
the resolution of grievances).   4.17 Employees. Section 4.17 of the Company
Disclosure Letter contains a list of the names and current salary rates and
bonus commitments for all employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries whose
annual salaries exceed $100,000. Except as set forth in Section 4.17 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, none of the Company and its Subsidiaries is a
party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement, nor, as of the date
of this Agreement, has the Company and its Subsidiaries experienced any
strikes, grievances, claims of unfair labor practices, or other collective
bargaining disputes. No unfair labor practice proceedings are currently
pending against the Company and its Subsidiaries, and each of the Company and
its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with all applicable
laws (including rules, regulations, codes, plans, injunctions, judgments,
orders, decrees, rulings, and charges thereunder) relating to employment
practices, terms and conditions of employment, equal employment opportunity,
nondiscrimination, employee privacy, immigration, wages, hours, benefits,
collective bargaining, plant closing, the payment of social security and
similar taxes, and income tax withholding. As of the date of this Agreement,
the Company has no Knowledge of any organizational effort currently being
made or threatened by or on   34    behalf of any labor union with
respect to employees of any of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Except as
set forth in Section 4.14(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract, agreement, or
arrangement with any employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that
(i) restricts the Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\' right to terminate
the employment of any employee without cause or without a specified notice
period or (ii) obligates the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to pay
severance or other compensation to any employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries upon termination of such employee\'s employment with the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including as a result of such employee\'s
termination without cause or without a specified notice).   4.18 Employee
Benefits.   (a) Section 4.18 of the Company Disclosure Letter lists each
Employee Benefit Plan that any of the Company and its Subsidiaries maintains
or to which any of the Company and its Subsidiaries contributes or is
required to contribute, including all Employee Pension Benefit Plans and
Employee Welfare Benefit Plans.   (i) Each such Employee Benefit Plan (and
each related trust, insurance contract, or fund) has been operated
in accordance with its terms and complies in form and in operation in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code, and
other applicable laws.   (ii) All reports and descriptions (including Form
5500 Annual Reports, Summary Annual Reports, PBGC-1\'s, and Summary Plan
Descriptions) required to have been filed or distributed in respect of the
three (3) prior plan years as to each such Employee Benefit Plan have been
filed or distributed appropriately.   (iii) All contributions (including
all employer contributions and employee salary reduction contributions) which
are due have been paid by the time required by ERISA, the Code, and other
applicable laws to each such Employee Benefit Plan which is an Employee
Pension Benefit Plan.   (iv) For each such Employee Benefit Plan which is
an Employee Pension Benefit Plan and is intended to be a "qualified plan"
under Code Section 401(a), the Company has either (A) received a
favorable determination letter (a "GUST Determination Letter") from the
Internal Revenue Service that takes into account any change required to be
made to such Employee Pension Benefit Plan in order to comply with the
requirements of Code Section 401(a), as amended by the Retirement Protection
Act of 1994, enacted as part of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act, the Uniform
Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, Small Business Job
Protection Act of 1996, Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, Transportation Revenue
Act of 1998, Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998,
and Community Renewal Tax Relief Act of 2000 (collectively referred to as
"GUST"), (B) timely filed an application for determination with the IRS
requesting a determination that such Employee Pension Benefit Plan meets the
requirements of Code Section 401(a), as amended by GUST, and that an any
trust established in connection with the Employee Pension Benefit Plan is
exempt from federal income taxation of Code Section 501(a) (hereinafter
referred to as a "GUST Application for Determination"), or (C) where there is
no GUST Determination Letter or GUST Application for Determination, the
Employee Pension Benefit Plan is a prototype plan on which the Company may
rely upon the prototype sponsor\'s current and effective opinion letter from
the Internal Revenue Service. The   35    Company has provided the Buyer
with a true and complete copy of each GUST Determination Letter or GUST
Application for Determination received or filed by Company with respect to
each such Employee Pension Benefit Plan, or in the case of a prototype
document (as referenced above) the sponsor\'s opinion letter from the
Internal Revenue Service.   (v) The Company has delivered or made available
to the Buyer correct and complete copies of the plan documents and summary
plan descriptions, the three (3) most recently filed Form 5500
Annual Reports, all related trust agreements, insurance contracts, and other
funding agreements and third party administrative agreements which implement
each such Employee Benefit Plan.   (b) There have been no Prohibited
Transactions with respect to any Employee Benefit Plan maintained by the
Company or its Subsidiaries. To the Knowledge of the Company, no Fiduciary
has any liability for breach of fiduciary duty or any other failure to act or
comply in connection with the administration or investment of the assets of
any such Employee Benefit Plan. No action, suit, proceeding, hearing, or
investigation with respect to the administration or the investment of the
assets of any such Employee Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for
benefits) is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, which
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (c) None of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has incurred, and none of the Company and its Subsidiaries have
any reason to expect that any of the Company and its Subsidiaries will incur,
any liability to the PBGC (other than PBGC premium payments) or otherwise
under Title IV of ERISA (including any withdrawal liability). No Employee
Benefit Plan that covers or has covered employees of the Company or its
Subsidiaries which is an Employee Pension Benefit Plan is or was a
Multiemployer Plan or plan subject to Code Section 412 or Section 302 or
Title IV of ERISA.   (d) None of the Company and its Subsidiaries maintains
or contributes to, or within the preceding five (5) years has contributed to
or been required to contribute to, any Employee Welfare Benefit Plan
providing medical, health, or life insurance for current or future retired or
terminated employees, their spouses, or their dependents subsequent
to termination (other than in accordance with Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title 1
of ERISA and Code Sec. 4980B or applicable state insurance laws).   4.19
Guaranties. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries is a guarantor for any
liability or obligation (including indebtedness) of any other Person, other
than as they relate solely to intercompany guarantees.   4.20 Environment,
Health and Safety. Except as set forth in Section 4.20 of the Company
Disclosure Letter:   (a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has been
in material compliance and has complied in all material respects with
all Environmental Laws, and no unresolved action, suit, proceeding,
hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim, demand, or notice has been
filed or commenced against any of the Company and its Subsidiaries alleging
any failure so to comply. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has
obtained and been in compliance in all material respects with all of the
terms and conditions of all material permits and licenses which are required
under any applicable Environmental Laws.   36     (b) To the Knowledge
of the Company, none of the Company and its Subsidiaries has any material
liability to third parties under any applicable Environmental Laws for damage
to any site, location, or body of water (surface or subsurface) as a result
of the release of any hazardous substance, material or waste to the
environment.   (c) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
caused any release of a hazardous material, substance or waste to the
environment at any facility now operated by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries (or any predecessor for which they may be responsible) or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, at any facility formerly owned or operated
by the Company, in each case that could give rise to material liability under
any Environmental Law. No waste has been disposed of by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries at any site or location that could give rise to material
liability under any Environmental Law. All Phase One and Phase Two
environmental assessments and all environmental compliance audits of
facilities now or formerly owned or operated by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, which have been completed since April 7, 1998, have been
provided to Buyer.   4.21 Certain Business Relationships with the Company
and its Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Section 4.21 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, none of the Significant Shareholders and/or their
Affiliates, and no director, officer or Affiliate of the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries, has, or since January 1, 1999 has had, any interest in any
material asset, tangible or intangible, used in the business of any of the
Company and its Subsidiaries or any interest in any business arrangement or
relationship with any of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than, in the
case of a Person who is a director or officer of the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries, such Person\'s status as such with the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries). None of the Significant Shareholders and/or their Affiliates,
and no director, officer or Affiliate of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries,
owns, or since January 1, 1999 has owned, an equity interest or any other
financial or profit interest in a Person that has (a) had business dealings
or a financial interest in any transaction with any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries or (b) engaged in competition with any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries with respect to any products or services of any of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, except, in each such case, for the ownership by any
such Person of less than 5% of the outstanding stock of any publicly traded
corporation.   4.22 Required Shareholder Vote. The affirmative vote of the
holders of (a) a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company
Common Shares, the Company Junior Preferred Shares and the Company Senior
Preferred Shares, voting together as a class (with each of the Holders of the
Company Junior Preferred Shares and the Company Senior Preferred Shares
entitled to one-half of one vote for each share then held), (b) a majority of
the outstanding shares of the Company Common Shares, voting together as a
separate class, and (c) a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company
Junior Preferred Shares and the Company Senior Preferred Shares, voting
together as a separate class (collectively, the "Required Shareholder Vote"),
are the only votes of the holders of any class or series of Company capital
stock necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby. As of the date of this Agreement, each of
Holding and Helen Hudson Lovaas has agreed to approve and adopt this
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, and to
vote all shares of the capital stock of the Company held by each of them in
favor thereof, and have also agreed to validly and irrevocably waive any
statutory dissenters\' or appraisal rights related thereto.   37    
4.23 Company Board Approval. The Board of Directors of the Company, by
resolutions duly adopted by unanimous vote at a meeting duly called and held
and not subsequently rescinded or modified in any way, has duly
(i) determined that this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby are fair to and in the best interests of the
Company and its shareholders, (ii) approved this Agreement, the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby and (iii) declared the
advisability of this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby, and, further, (iv) recommended that the shareholders of
the Company approve and adopt this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and that this Agreement be submitted for
consideration by the Company\'s shareholders.   4.24 Suppliers. Section
4.24 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a correct list of the top
ten (10) suppliers to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
ranked by the dollar amount of total sales of products or services to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, during the year ended
December 31, 2003, together with the aggregate amount of the purchases made
from each such supplier since January 1, 2004. From December 31, 2003 to the
date of this Agreement, no supplier listed on Section 4.24 of the Company
Disclosure Letter has notified the Company and/or its Subsidiaries that it
will stop or decrease the rate of supplying materials, products or services
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   4.25 Powers of Attorney. Except
as set forth in Section 4.25 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no
outstanding powers of attorney executed on behalf of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries.   4.26 Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains
a system of internal accounting controls that management reasonably believes
is sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are
executed in accordance with management\'s general or specific authorizations;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is
permitted only in accordance with management\'s general or specific
authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company have, on a voluntary basis as a result of
the Company\'s status as a "faux filer" under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, made all certifications required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant thereto. The Company maintains "disclosure controls and
procedures" (as defined in Rule 13a-14(c) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934).   5. Pre-Closing Covenants. The Parties agree as follows
with respect to the period between the execution of this Agreement and the
Closing:   5.1 General. Each of the Parties will use his or
its commercially reasonable efforts to take all action and to do all
things necessary, proper, or advisable in order to consummate and make
effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including
satisfaction or waiver of the closing conditions set forth in Section 7
below).   5.2 Notices and Consents. Subject to the provisions of Section
5.9, the Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, give any
notices to third parties and use its commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain any third-party consents and/or estoppel certificates that are
listed on Schedule 5.2; provided, however, that Company shall not be required
to make any   38    payments to such third parties in order to obtain
any such consents. Subject to the provisions of Section 5.9, each of the
Parties will give any notices to, make any filings with, and use its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any authorizations, consents, and
approvals of governments and governmental agencies in connection with the
matters referred to in Section 3.1(b) and Section 3.2(b) above. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of the Parties will file any
Notification and Report Forms and related material that he or it may be
required to file with the United States Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC")
and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice (the
"DOJ") under the HSR Act (including, without limitation, using
their commercially reasonable efforts to file their initial Notification and
Report Forms, with all required exhibits and schedules thereto, no later than
five (5) business days after the date of this Agreement), will make,
promptly, any other filings that are required by any other government or
governmental authority under any other Antitrust Laws (including, if
necessary, with the European Competition Commission and the applicable
regulatory agencies and authorities of the governments of Germany and
Brazil), and will make any further filings pursuant thereto that may be
necessary, proper or advisable in connection therewith.   5.3 Operation of
Business. Except as set forth in this Section 5.3, the Company will not, and
will not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any practice,
take any action, or enter into any transaction outside the Ordinary Course of
Business. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will
not, and will not cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (a) except as
set forth in Schedule 5.3, declare, set aside, or pay any dividend or make
any distribution with respect to its capital stock or redeem, purchase, or
otherwise acquire any of its capital stock, other than redemptions, purchases
or acquisitions from employees, officers, directors or consultants to the
Company pursuant to the terms of employee benefit plans of the Company
existing as of the date of this Agreement, (b) make any capital expenditure
(or series of related capital expenditures) not included in the Company\'s
2004 budget for capital expenditures (a copy of which has been provided
previously to the Buyer) or involving more than $200,000 individually or
$500,000 in the aggregate, (c) amend or modify, or agree to amend or modify,
or waive compliance by any shareholder of the Company with, any provision of
the Voting Agreement providing for the waiver of any shareholder\'s statutory
dissenters\' or appraisal rights, or (d) otherwise engage in any practice,
take any action, or enter into any transaction described in Section 4.8 above
(other than amending or modifying any existing or entering into any new (i)
GPO, IDN or other agreements related to the sales, marketing or distribution
of Company products in the Ordinary Course of Business, (ii) agreements
related to the purchase of supplies and inventory in the Ordinary Course of
Business), or (iii) agreements with certain officers and employees of the
Company that provide for retention payments to such individuals in
an aggregate amount not to exceed $750,000 (inclusive of any amounts subject
to similar agreements previously entered into by and between the Company and
such class of individuals between December 31, 2003 and the date of this
Agreement).   5.4 Preservation of Business. The Company will, and
the Company will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, use its commercially
reasonable efforts to keep its business and properties substantially intact,
including its present operations, physical facilities, working conditions,
and relationships with lessors, licensors, suppliers, customers and employees
in the Ordinary Course of Business.   5.5 Access. The Company will permit,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to permit, representatives of the
Buyer to have (subject to the terms of any applicable leases and subleases)
access, upon reasonable request and during normal business hours, throughout
the period   39    prior to Closing, to all premises, properties,
personnel, independent accountants, attorneys, books, records (including Tax
records), contracts, and documents of or pertaining to each of the Company
and its Subsidiaries. Without limiting the generality of the preceding
sentence, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts (without
expense to the Company) to cause its independent accountants to provide the
Buyer and its independent accountants such access to its workpapers and other
financial information as the Buyer and its independent accountants may
reasonably request in connection with a review of the Financial
Statements.   5.6 Exclusivity. The Company will not (and the Significant
Shareholders will not cause or permit any of the Company and its Subsidiaries
and/or their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, agents
or representatives to), and the Significant Shareholders will not (and will
not cause or permit their respective directors, officers, employees,
partners, shareholders, agents or representatives to) (a) solicit, initiate,
or encourage the submission of any proposal or offer from any Person relating
to the acquisition of any capital stock or other voting securities, or any
substantial portion of the assets of, any of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(including any acquisition structured as a merger, consolidation, or share
exchange) or (b) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding,
furnish any information with respect to, assist or participate in,
or facilitate in any other manner any effort or attempt by any Person to do
or seek any of the foregoing. None of the Significant Shareholders will vote
their Company Shares in favor of any such acquisition structured as a
merger, consolidation, or share exchange. The Company and the Significant
Shareholders will notify the Buyer immediately if any Person makes any
proposal, offer, inquiry, or contact with respect to any of the
foregoing.   5.7 Employee Benefits. Except as provided in this Section 5.7,
the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, continue and maintain
all of their Employee Benefit Plans through the Closing, and shall notify the
Buyer in writing and in advance if any Employee Benefit Plan or any insurance
contract or other agreement relating to any such Employee Benefit Plan is or
is scheduled or proposed to be renewed, terminated or materially modified. No
such renewal, termination or material modification shall be made prior
to Closing without the prior written consent of the Buyer, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, that Buyer shall not
be obligated to approve any renewal, termination or modification that would
materially increase the benefits to be provided with respect to any
employee.   5.8 Approval of Merger and Optional Redemption.   (a) By
executing this Agreement, Holding covenants and agrees that it will, subject
to the approval of its shareholders, consent that the Company enter into this
Agreement and consummate the Merger and other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Prior to the Closing, Holding will solicit the approval of its shareholders,
and subject to the approval of its shareholders, Holding will execute a
written consent in accordance with the CGCL and the foregoing sentence. The
Company and the Significant Shareholders will take such action as is
necessary under the CGCL to notify the other holders of Company Shares of
such consent and, if necessary, to duly call, convene and hold a meeting of
the holders of the Company Shares after the date of this Agreement for the
purpose of voting upon this Agreement and the Merger. The Company\'s Board of
Directors shall recommend approval and adoption of this Agreement by the
holders of the Company Shares and shall not withdraw, modify or
materially qualify in any manner adverse to Buyer such recommendation. The
Company\'s Board shall take all lawful action to solicit the approval of the
holders of the Company   40    Shares. To the extent required by the
CGCL, the Company shall promptly prepare and deliver to the holders of the
Company Shares an information statement relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) At any meeting of the shareholders of
the Company, and at every adjournment thereof, and on every action or
approval by written consent of the shareholders of the Company, Holding shall
vote or cause to be voted its Company Shares and any additional Company
Shares acquired by such Significant Shareholder (i) in favor of (A) approval
of this Agreement and the Merger and (B) any matter that could reasonably be
expected to facilitate the Merger and (ii) against any matter that could
reasonably be expected to hinder, impede or delay the consummation of the
Merger.   (c) Each Significant Shareholder agrees not (i) to sell,
transfer, pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of (collectively,
"Transfer"), or enter into any contract, option or other arrangement or
understanding with respect to the Transfer by such Significant Shareholder
of, any of its Company Shares or Warrants or offer any interest in any
thereof to any Person other than pursuant to the terms of the Merger or
(ii) to enter into any voting arrangement or understanding (other than the
Voting Agreement), whether by proxy, power of attorney, voting agreement,
voting trust or otherwise with respect to the Company Shares and agrees not
to commit or agree to take any of the foregoing actions.   (d) Holding
hereby waives any applicable appraisal rights under the CGCL.   (e) Each of
the Significant Shareholders hereby waives any and all notices that may be
required from the Company, with respect to the optional redemption of the
Company Preferred Shares, pursuant to Section (e)(iii)(B) of the Certificate
of Determination of Preferences of the Company Senior Preferred Shares filed
with the State of California Office of the Secretary of State on the 24th day
of April 1998, as amended, and pursuant to Section (f)(iii)(B) of the
Certificate of Determination of Preferences of the Company Junior Preferred
Shares filed with the State of California Office of the Secretary of State on
the 2nd day of August 2001.   5.9 Antitrust.   (a) Notwithstanding
anything contained in Section 5.1 or Section 5.2 of this Agreement to the
contrary, the Buyer and the Company each agree to use their commercially
reasonable good faith efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action, and
to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or required by (i) the FTC
or the DOJ pursuant to the HSR Act, and (ii) any other government or
governmental authority pursuant to any other Antitrust Laws, in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The foregoing
notwithstanding, Buyer shall not be required to divest or hold separate any
assets except that Buyer agrees, if required by the FTC or the DOJ pursuant
to HSR Act, or by any other government or governmental authority pursuant to
any other Antitrust Laws, to divest or hold separate any product line or line
of business, and the assets used in connection therewith, of the Company and
its Subsidiaries or Buyer and its Subsidiaries, that generated less than $3.0
million in annual revenue in 2003. In the event multiple product lines or
lines of business are required to be divested or held separate, this $3.0
million limit applies to each of these product lines or lines of business;
provided, that the combined annual revenue in 2003 of all product lines or
lines of business that Buyer agrees to divest or hold separate may not exceed
$5.5 million.   41     (b) Each party hereto shall promptly inform
the other of any material communication from the FTC, the DOJ or any
other government or governmental authority regarding any of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (c) If either the Buyer or the Company
or any of their respective Affiliates receives a request for additional
information or documentary material from the FTC, the DOJ or any other
government or governmental authority with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, then such party shall endeavor in good faith
to make, or cause to be made, as soon as reasonably practicable and after
consultation with the other party, an appropriate response.   5.10
Subsequent Events Disclosure; Physical Inventory. The Company will provide
prompt written notice to Buyer of any Material Adverse Effect on the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that occurs subsequent to the date of
this Agreement. The Company will, at the request of Buyer, conduct a physical
inventory as of either May 31, 2004, June 1, 2004, June 2, 2004, June 30,
2004, July 1, 2004 or July 2, 2004 (at the Company\'s election), and Buyer
and its representatives shall be permitted to observe the taking of such
physical inventory.   5.11 CenterPoint. In no event shall Buyer, Merger Sub
or any of their respective Affiliates, advisors or representatives at any
time prior to the Closing contact CenterPoint Trust Properties regarding any
matters relating to the Company\'s Arlington Heights, Illinois facilities
without the express prior consent of the Shareholders\' Representative, which
may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion.   5.12 Removal of
Certain Security Interests. The Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to remove, prior to the Closing Date, the Security Interests listed
under the headings "Trademarks" and "Patents" on Section 4.5 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, and shall provide Buyer with any documentation that it
obtains prior to the Closing Date that evidences the removal of such Security
Interests.   5.13 Environmental Insurance. The Company will
exercise commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, prior to Closing,
environmental insurance (the "Environmental Insurance") with respect to the
release of any hazardous substance, material or waste into the environment
prior to the Closing Date which requires remediation under Environmental Laws
at either the Temecula facility (including the area currently used on the
formerly owned adjacent parcel for hazardous substance, materials or waste
accumulation) or the Arlington Heights facility and which causes the Company
to incur clean-up costs (including pursuant to a voluntary cleanup program)
or third party liability for clean-up costs, personal injury or property
damage. The form of environmental insurance policy shall be reasonably
acceptable to Buyer and issued by Steadfast Insurance Company (a member
company of the Zurich-American Insurance Group) or other insurance carrier
reasonably acceptable to Buyer. To the extent not paid prior to Closing, the
premium for the Environmental Insurance shall be treated as a Company and
Shareholder Transaction Expense. The Environmental Insurance shall have a
term of five (5) years, coverage limit of no less than $5,000,000, and a
deductible not to exceed $100,000. Buyer shall be permitted to increase the
coverage limit of the Environmental Insurance by contributing the
additional premium cost attributable to such increase in coverage limit. The
failure to obtain the Environmental Insurance prior to the Closing shall not
be deemed to be a default under or breach of this Agreement.   5.14
Environmental Covenants.   42     (a) The Company shall retain the
services of a certified asbestos consultant, which consultant shall be
subject to the reasonable approval of Buyer. The certified asbestos
consultant shall perform a survey of known and suspect asbestos containing
materials at the Company\'s Temecula, Arlington Heights and Elk Grove
facilities, which surveys shall include testing of suspect materials to
confirm the presence or absence of asbestos, provided that testing shall not
impair the integrity of the area being tested. The cost of the surveys and
testing shall be paid by Buyer. The Company shall use the surveys and test
results to prepare new or updated, as applicable, operations and maintenance
plans for asbestos containing materials for each of the three facilities and
otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the requirements
of 29 CFR 1910.1001 or the corresponding state statute contained in an
applicable OSHA authorized state plan. The Company shall, as appropriate,
take responsive action (encapsulate, enclose, remove or repair) for damaged
asbestos containing materials that are friable and could reasonably release
asbestos fibers in the workplace, as reasonably determined by the certified
asbestos consultant. If the survey of the Temecula facility determines that a
portion of the asbestos containing roofing material at the Temecula facility
is not covered with polyurethane foam or an elastomeric coating, to
the extent described in the representation contained in Section 4.11(c)
above, then the Company shall cause such asbestos containing roofing material
to be covered as described in such representation.   (b) The Company will
apply for and use commercially reasonably efforts to obtain a conditional
exclusion from storm water permitting based on "no exposure" of industrial
activities to storm water, or in the alternative, obtain coverage under the
Illinois General Industrial Storm Water Permit for the facility located at
900 University Drive, Arlington Heights, Illinois.   (c) The Company will
sample, test and, to the extent that the soil contains contaminants above
naturally occurring background levels for soil, arrange for proper disposal
or reuse of the stockpiled soil present at the facility located at 900
University Drive, Arlington Heights, Illinois.   (d) The Company will apply
for and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an operating permit and
a sanitary sewer discharge permit for the facility located at Segambut, Kuala
Lumpur, Malaysia.   (e) The Company will submit a SARA Tier I and Tier II
report, and any past or present Tier I and/or Tier II SARA Form R reports
that may be required by SARA and the United States Environmental Protection
Agency, for materials stored, processed or otherwise used at the Arlington
Heights facility.   5.15 Pre-Closing Environmental Testing. Buyer agrees
not to make or direct any intrusive environmental testing or soil or
groundwater sampling at any Owned Real Property or any Leased Real Property
prior to the Closing.   5.16 Buyer\'s Environmental Reports. Promptly after
Buyer\'s receipt thereof, Buyer shall deliver to the Company copies of all
environmental reports prepared for Buyer with respect to the Owned Real
Property or the Leased Real Property, as listed in Section 4.20 of the
Company Disclosure Letter.   6. Additional Covenants. The Parties agree as
follows with respect to the period following the Closing.   43     6.1
General. In case at any time after the Closing any further action is
necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, each of
the Parties will take such further action (including the execution and
delivery of such further instruments and documents) as any other Party
reasonably may request, all at the sole cost and expense of the
requesting Party (unless such action is required by the terms of this
Agreement or the requesting Party is entitled to indemnification therefore
under Section 8 below). The Significant Shareholders acknowledge and agree
that from and after the Closing the Buyer will be entitled to possession of
all documents, books, records (including Tax records), agreements, and
financial data of any sort relating to any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer shall make available to
the Significant Shareholders as reasonably requested by the Significant
Shareholders, its agents and representatives, any taxing authority, or any
governmental authority, all information, records and documents relating to
any of the Company and its Subsidiaries and employees of any of the Company
and its Subsidiaries for periods prior to Closing and shall preserve such
information, records and documents until the later of (a) six (6) years after
the Closing, or (b) the required retention period for all government contract
information, records or documents.   6.2 Litigation Support. In the event
and for so long as any Party actively is contesting or defending against any
action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim,
or demand in connection with (a) any transaction contemplated under this
Agreement or (b) any fact, situation, circumstance, status, condition,
activity, practice, plan, occurrence, event, incident, action, failure to
act, or transaction on or prior to the Closing Date involving any of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, each of the other Parties will cooperate with
him or it and his or its counsel in the contest or defense, make available
their personnel, and provide such testimony and access to their books and
records as shall be necessary in connection with the contest or defense, all
at the sole cost and expense of the contesting or defending Party (unless the
contesting or defending Party is entitled to indemnification therefor under
Section 8 below).   6.3 Non-Disparagement. None of the
Significant Shareholders will disparage, and none of the Significant
Shareholders will cause any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, partners, shareholders, agents or representatives to disparage,
any of the Company and its Subsidiaries in any way that is designed or
intended to have the effect of discouraging any lessor, licensor, customer,
supplier, or other business associate of any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries from maintaining the same business relationships with the
Company and its Subsidiaries after the Closing as it maintained with the
Company and its Subsidiaries prior to the Closing. Each of the
Significant Shareholders will refer all customer inquiries relating to the
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries to the Buyer from and after
the Closing.   6.4 Certain Tax Matters.   (a) The Shareholders\'
Representative shall have the right to prepare, or cause to be prepared, all
federal, state and local Tax Returns of the Company and its Subsidiaries to
be filed after the Closing Date which relate to a taxable period ending on or
before the Closing Date, including any short taxable period (and the
personnel of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall cooperate reasonably with
the Shareholders\' Representative in connection therewith and shall provide,
at no expense to the Shareholders\' Representative, such accounting and tax
schedules and other information as is reasonably requested by the accountants
who shall prepare such Tax Returns); provided, however, (i) Shareholders\'
Representative shall bear all reasonable third party costs of preparing and
filing such Tax Returns, (ii) the Shareholders\' Representative shall deliver
to Buyer for   44    its review, comment and approval (which approval
will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) a copy of the proposed Tax
Returns no later than forty-five (45) days prior to the filing date of each
such Tax Return (including extensions thereof), and (iii) the Shareholders\'
Representative shall confirm in writing that the proposed Tax Return has been
prepared in a manner that is consistent with the past Tax practices and
consistent with the past Tax Returns of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The
Company and its Subsidiaries shall file all such Tax Returns and shall pay
the amount of any Taxes shown due thereon to the appropriate Tax
authorities.   (b) The Buyer shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, and
shall file, or cause to be filed, all Tax Returns of the Company and its
Subsidiaries other than the Tax Returns which the
Shareholders\' Representative shall prepare, or cause to be prepared,
pursuant to Section 6.4(a), but if any such Tax Return relates to any period
beginning before the Closing Date, (i) the Buyer shall deliver to the
Shareholders\' Representative for his or her review, comment and approval
(which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) a copy of the
proposed Tax Return no later than forty-five (45) days prior to the filing
date of such Tax Return (including extensions thereof) and (ii) the Buyer
shall confirm in writing that the proposed Tax Return has been prepared in a
manner that is consistent with the past Tax practices and consistent with the
past Tax Returns of the Company and its Subsidiaries.   (c) The
Shareholders\' Representative shall have the right, at the expense of the
parties to the Contribution Agreement (i) to control, in whole or in part,
any Tax audit or contest, (ii) to resolve and defend against any assessment,
notice of deficiency, or other adjustment or proposed adjustment, (iii) to
consent to any extension or waiver of the limitations period applicable to
any Tax claim or assessment, (iv) to initiate any claim for refund, and (v)
to amend any Tax Return (each, a "Tax Matter"), in each case solely to the
extent relating to all Taxes attributable to taxable periods of the Company
and its Subsidiaries covered by the representations under Section 4.10 above
and, if the Shareholder\'s Representative, on behalf of the parties to the
Contribution Agreement, is obligated to indemnify Buyer against Taxes payable
in connection with such Tax Matter under this Agreement, the Shareholders\'
Representative has acknowledged in writing such obligation. If the Buyer is
not entitled to control the Tax Matter under the foregoing provisions, the
Shareholders\' Representative will provide, or cause to be provided, to
the Buyer copies of all correspondence received from or delivered to the
taxing authority in connection with such Tax Matter.   (d) If the
Shareholders\' Representative does not elect to control a Tax Matter under
Section 6.4(c) or otherwise does not control a Tax Matter which relates in
whole or in part to taxable periods of the Company and its Subsidiaries
covered by the representations under Section 4.10 hereof, (i) the Buyer will
use good faith efforts for the benefit of the Company and its Subsidiaries
and the Significant Shareholders in the defense or assertion of such Tax
Matter, (ii) the Buyer will provide, or cause to be provided, to
the Shareholders\' Representative, copies of all correspondence received from
or delivered to the taxing authority in connection with any such Tax Matter,
(iii) the Buyer, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall allow the
Shareholders\' Representative to participate in such Tax Matter at the
expense of the Shareholders\' Representative, and (iv) the Buyer, the Company
and its Subsidiaries shall not settle such Tax Matter without the consent of
the Shareholders\' Representative, which consent will not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.   45     (e) Any Tax refunds received by the
Company and its Subsidiaries relating to a period or partial period ending on
or before the Closing Date shall be paid to the Shareholders\' Representative
for the benefit of the holders of the Company Shares, the Company Options and
the Warrants, except to the extent (i) any such amount is reflected as a
receivable or other asset on the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet and taken
into account in determining the Final Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount
or (ii) such Tax refund results from the carryback of a net operating loss or
other tax attribute arising in a taxable period or portion of period
beginning after the Closing Date. The amount of the refund will be reduced by
any current or future Taxes required to be paid by the Company or its
Subsidiaries as a result of the Tax refund or the adjustments giving rise to
the Tax refund.   (f) The Shareholders\' Representative and the Buyer shall
(i) each provide the other with such assistance as may reasonably
be requested by any of them in connection with the preparation of any Tax
Return, audit or other examination by any taxing authority or judicial or
administrative proceedings relating to liability for Taxes or as may be
reasonably requested with respect to the purchase of insurance or similar
coverage for liabilities related to Taxes, (ii) each retain and provide the
other with any records or other information which may be relevant to such Tax
Return, audit or examination, proceeding determination, or insurance purchase
and (iii) each provide the other with any final determination of any such
audit or examination, proceeding or determination that affects any amount
required to be shown on any Tax Return of the other for any period. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Buyer shall retain, and shall
cause the Company to retain, and the Shareholders\' Representative shall
retain, until the applicable statutes of limitations (including any
extensions) have expired, copies of all Tax Returns, supporting work
schedules and other records or information which may be relevant to such Tax
Returns for all tax periods or portions thereof ending before or including
the Closing Date; each shall allow reasonable access to such Tax Returns,
schedules and records to the other party; and each shall not destroy
or otherwise dispose of any such Tax Returns, schedules, and records without
first providing the other party with a reasonable opportunity to review and
copy the same.   (g) Buyer understands and agrees that no election will be
made by Company and Buyer under Sections 338(g) and 338(h)(10) of the Code
and any corresponding or similar elections under state, local or foreign tax
law with respect to the purchase and sale of the Company
Shares hereunder.   (h) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6 of the
Agreement to the contrary, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
will be entitled to settle, concede or compromise, either administratively or
after the commencement of litigation, any Tax Matter or file any amended Tax
Return or claim for Tax refund, which would adversely affect the liability
for Taxes of Buyer, the Company or Subsidiary or any Affiliate thereof for
any taxable period or portion thereof beginning after the Closing
Date (including the imposition of income Tax deficiencies, the reduction of
asset basis or cost adjustments, the lengthening of any amortization or
depreciation periods, the denial of amortization or depreciation deductions,
or the reduction of loss or credit carryforwards) without the prior written
consent of Buyer. Such consent will not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed.   (i) Buyer and the Shareholders\' Representative and their
respective Affiliates will, if necessary and to the extent permitted by
applicable Law, cause elections to be filed with the relevant
taxing authorities to treat the taxable years of each Company and Subsidiary
as   46    terminated on the Closing Date. Nevertheless, whenever it is
necessary under this Agreement to determine the liability for Taxes of any
Company or Subsidiary for a taxable period that begins before and ends after
the Closing Date (a "Straddle Period"), the determination of such Taxes for
the portion of the Straddle Period ending on and including, and the portion
of the Straddle Period beginning after, the Closing Date will be determined
by assuming that the Straddle Period consisted of two taxable years or
periods, one which ended at the close of the Closing Date and the other which
began at the beginning of the day following the Closing Date; provided,
however, that real and personal property Taxes and similar Taxes, exemptions,
allowances or deductions that are calculated on an annual basis, such as the
deduction for depreciation, will be apportioned between such two taxable
years or periods on a daily basis. As the Parties have agreed that the
Estimated Closing Date Balance Sheet and the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet
are to be prepared as of the opening of business on the Closing Date,
resulting in the business operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries on
the Closing Date (determined without regard to items related to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement) being for the benefit of
Buyer, the Parties agree that such business operations will be taken into
account by the Company and its Subsidiaries for tax purposes as if such
operations occur after the Closing Date.   (j) Neither the Company nor its
Subsidiaries shall (and the Significant Shareholders shall not cause or
permit the Company or its Subsidiaries to), at any time on or after the date
hereof, take any action, including the filing of any Tax Return or taking of
any Tax position, that would reduce or have the effect of reducing the amount
of the federal net operating losses (and any other federal tax deduction and
any federal tax credit (equated to its value as a deduction)) of the Company
and its Subsidiaries that will carry over and be available to the Company and
its Subsidiaries for taxable periods after the Closing Date, below
$124,450,000 (subject to reduction as provided in the Escrow Agreement), or
that would otherwise limit or adversely affect the use by the Company and/or
its Subsidiaries of such net operating losses under Section 382 of the Code
(other than the consummation of the transactions provided for hereunder).  
(k) The Buyer agrees that any and all payments to be made by the Company and
its Subsidiaries with respect to each Company Option, any and all payments
made to French pursuant to the terms of the French Employment Agreement, any
and all payments with respect to any Indebtedness to be repaid as
contemplated by Section 2.7, and any writeoff of unamortized expenses in
connection with any such Indebtedness, shall, in each case to the extent
deductible or amortizable by the Company and its Subsidiaries, be taken into
account as tax deductions that carryover and are available to the Company and
its Subsidiaries for taxable periods after the Closing Date for purposes
of Section 6.4(j) and Section 8.5(c) of this Agreement, whether or not
such payments and writeoffs are actually included as deductions by the
Company and its Subsidiaries in the taxable periods ending on or before the
Closing Date.   6.5 Employee Matters.   (a) It is agreed that this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein shall
not result in an "employment loss" that might trigger obligations under the
Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification ("WARN") Act, 29 U.S.C. Section
2101 et seq., or under any similar provisions of any federal, state,
regional, or local law, rule, or regulation (referred to collectively as
"WARN obligations"). To the extent that any WARN obligations might arise as a
consequence of this agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, it is
agreed that the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be responsible for any
WARN obligations   47    arising as a result of any employment losses
occurring prior to the Closing Date and shall indemnify and defend Buyer
against any claims arising out of any employment losses occurring prior to
the Closing Date, and Buyer shall be responsible for any WARN obligations
arising as a result of any employment losses occurring upon or after the
Closing Date and shall indemnify and defend the Company and its Subsidiaries,
the Significant Shareholders, the holders of the Company Shares, the Company
Options and the Warrants against any claims arising out of any employment
losses occurring upon or after the Closing Date. Furthermore, for the first
ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, Buyer shall not engage in any
mass layoff, plant closing, or other action that might trigger WARN
obligations of the Company or its Subsidiaries.   (b) From and after the
Closing Date, Buyer and the Company and its Subsidiaries, and not any of the
shareholders, officers and directors of the Company immediately prior to the
Effective Time or their Affiliates, shall provide any continuation group
health plan continuation coverage required to be provided under Sections 601
through 609 of ERISA to MandA; Qualified Beneficiaries (as defined by Treasury
Regulation Section 54.4980B-9, QandA-4;) in respect of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The Buyer shall indemnify and hold the
shareholders, officers and directors of the Company immediately prior to the
Closing Date and their Affiliates harmless from any liability such
shareholders, officers and directors or Affiliates may incur at any time
after the Effective Time under the provisions of Section 4890B of the Code or
Sections 601 through 609 of ERISA with respect to any individual who was an
employee or COBRA "qualified beneficiary" of Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, except to the extent that such liability was caused by
a shareholder\'s, officer\'s or director\'s gross negligence or willful
misconduct. The Buyer further agrees to indemnify and hold the shareholders,
officers and directors of the Company immediately prior to the Closing Date
and their Affiliates harmless for any and all obligations, liabilities and
claims related to the California Continuation Benefits Replacement Act, or
"Cal-COBRA," California Health and Safety Code Section 1366.20, et seq. and
California Insurance Code Section 10128.50, et seq or other applicable state
law concerning continued medical benefits, except to the extent that such
liability was caused by a shareholder\'s, officer\'s or director\'s gross
negligence or willful misconduct.   6.6 Notice of Redemption. At the
Closing, the Buyer shall cause the Surviving Corporation to issue a notice of
redemption in full with respect to the Company Senior Subordinated Notes.  
6.7 Post-Closing Environmental Testing. After the Closing, the Buyer and/or
the Company may make or consent to intrusive environmental testing and soil
or groundwater sampling; provided, that if such testing or sampling
identifies any condition for which an indemnification claim could be made
pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement for a breach by the Company of any of
its representations or warranties in Section 4.20 of this Agreement, then
such condition shall not be eligible for any indemnification under Section 8;
provided, however, if (i) such condition does not arise from or relate to a
Potential Environmental Condition, (ii) such condition constitutes a breach
of the Company\'s representations or warranties in Section 4.20, (iii) there
is an applicable survival period and the Buyer makes a written claim
for indemnification within such survival period and (iv) the testing that led
to the discovery of such condition was (A) required to be performed by a
governmental agency, (B) performed as part of work required to close the UST
at the Arlington facility, (C) performed as part of the Phase II testing
recommended in the reports prepared for Buyer and listed in Section 4.20 of
the Company Disclosure Letter, (D) performed in connection with a future
financing transaction or the sale of a facility, or (E) performed in
connection with the   48    construction of new infrastructure, then
such condition shall be eligible for indemnification pursuant to and subject
to the conditions of Section 8.   7. Conditions to Obligation to Close.  
7.1 Conditions to Obligation of the Buyer and Merger Sub. The obligations of
the Buyer and Merger Sub to consummate the transactions to be performed by it
in connection with the Closing is subject to satisfaction of the following
conditions:   (a) the representations and warranties set forth in Section
3.1 and Section 4 above shall be true and correct in all respects as of the
Closing Date as though made as of such date (unless such representation or
warranty recites that it is only made as of an earlier date, in which case
it shall remain true and correct as of such earlier date), except where the
failure of any representations and warranties in Section 3.1 and Section 4 to
be true and correct would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;   (b)
the Company and the Significant Shareholders shall have performed and
complied with all of their covenants and agreements hereunder in all material
respects through the Closing;   (c) the Company shall have delivered Letters
of Transmittal to all holders of the Company Shares and the
Significant Shareholders shall have approved this Agreement and the Merger
pursuant to Section 5.8 above;   (d) no injunction, temporary restraining
order or other order shall have been issued which prevents the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, no government or
governmental authority shall have instituted any action, suit or proceeding,
and no private party shall have instituted any action, suit or proceeding
which has a reasonable likelihood of success, and in each case wherein an
unfavorable injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling or charge would (i)
prevent consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii)
cause the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be rescinded
following consummation, (iii) affect adversely the right of the Buyer to
control the Company and its Subsidiaries, or (iv) affect materially and
adversely the right of any of the Company and its Subsidiaries to own its
assets and to operate its businesses (and no such injunction, judgment,
order, decree, ruling, or charge shall be in effect);   (e) the Company
shall have delivered to the Buyer a certificate to the effect that each of
the conditions specified above in Section 7.1(a)-(d) is satisfied in all
respects;   (f) all applicable waiting periods (and any extensions thereof)
under the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Laws shall have expired or
otherwise been terminated, and the Company, its Subsidiaries and the other
Parties to this Agreement shall have received all other
authorizations, consents and approvals of governments and governmental
agencies referred to in Section 5.2 above;   (g) the Buyer shall have
received from counsel to the Company and the Shareholders\' Representative
one or more opinions from the law firm of Bingham McCutchen in  
49    form and substance as set forth in Exhibit F attached hereto,
addressed to the Buyer, and dated as of the Closing Date;   (h) the Buyer
shall have received (i) the resignations, effective as of the Closing, of
each director of the Company, (ii) the resignation of French as an officer of
the Company and of French and Mr. Sten Gibeck as a director or officer of
each Subsidiary for which he serves as a director or officer, as applicable,
and (iii) Mr. Jon Ralph shall have resigned as a director of HRC Holding
Inc.;   (i) all Indebtedness of the Company (other than the Company Senior
Subordinated Notes) shall have been paid in full, and the Company shall have
obtained payoff letters for all such Indebtedness, each in form reasonably
satisfactory to the Buyer, including, in each case, UCC-3 termination
statements or other provisions satisfactory to the Buyer for the termination
and release of all liens and Security Interests in respect of
such Indebtedness);   (j) the Company shall have delivered to the Buyer
the Estimated Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount prepared in accordance
with Section 2.5(a) and the certificate required by the last sentence of
Section 2.5(a);   (k) there shall not have occurred or be continuing any
event, fact or circumstance that constitutes a Material Adverse Effect with
respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, that
for purposes of determining whether the closing condition stated in this
Section 7.1(k) is satisfied, no effect or change with respect to the Company
and/or its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to constitute a Material
Adverse Effect if such effect or change results from or arises out of general
industry conditions, changes in the U.S. economy, including as a result of
acts of war or terrorism, changes in GAAP, changes in law or regulations or
from the fact that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been
publicly disclosed;   (l) all consents, approvals and actions of, filings
with and notices to any third party required to consummate the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby, in each case as
specifically identified on Schedule 7.1(l), shall have been obtained;   (m)
the Required Shareholder Vote shall have been obtained;   (n) holders of no
more than 350,000 Company Common Shares shall have exercised, or notified any
party hereto of its intention to exercise, any statutory dissenters\' or
appraisal rights with respect to the Merger;   (o) the Buyer shall have
received a written release, duly executed by the Significant Shareholders, in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit G;   (p) the Company and the
Subsidiaries shall, on or prior to the Closing, have entered into a non-
solicitation agreement with each of the Significant Shareholders and Charles
A. French, each substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H, and a
true, correct and complete copy thereof duly executed by the respective
parties thereto shall have been delivered to the Buyer;   50     (q)
each of the Buyer, the Significant Shareholders, the Merger Sub and the other
parties thereto shall have executed and delivered to each other the Voting
Agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the
"Voting Agreement");   (r) each of the Buyer, the
Shareholders\' Representative and the Escrow Agent (as defined therein) shall
have executed and delivered to each other the Escrow Agreement, in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit I, with such changes if any
as may required by the Escrow Agent (the "Escrow Agreement"), unless pursuant
to the terms of the form of the Escrow Agreement, the Escrow Deposit would be
delivered as directed by the Shareholders\' Representative, to the account or
accounts designated by the Shareholders\' Representative;   (s) the Company
shall have obtained the Environmental Insurance;   (t) the Buyer shall have
received a written release, duly executed by French, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit L; and   (u) all actions to be taken by the Company
and the Significant Shareholders in connection with consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and all certificates, opinions,
instruments, and other documents required to effect the transactions
contemplated hereby, will be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
the Buyer.   The Buyer may in its sole and absolute discretion waive any
condition specified in this Section 7.1 if it executes a writing so stating
at or prior to the Closing.   7.2 Conditions to Obligations of the Company
and the Significant Shareholders. The obligations of the Company and the
Significant Shareholders to consummate the transactions to be performed by
them in connection with the Closing is subject to satisfaction of the
following conditions:   (a) the representations and warranties set
forth in Section 3.2 above shall be true and correct in all respects as of
the Closing Date as though made as of such date (unless such representation
or warranty recites that it is only made as of an earlier date, in which case
it shall remain true and correct as of such earlier date);   (b) the Buyer
shall have performed and complied with all of its covenants and agreements
hereunder in all material respects through the Closing;   (c) no
injunction, temporary restraining order or other order shall have been issued
which prevents the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, no government or governmental authority shall have instituted any
action, suit or proceeding , and no private party shall have instituted any
action, suit or proceeding which has a reasonable likelihood of success, and
in each case wherein an unfavorable injunction, judgment, order, decree,
ruling or charge would (i) prevent consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, or (ii) cause the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement to be rescinded following consummation , (iii) affect
adversely the right of the Buyer to control the Company and its Subsidiaries,
(iv) affect materially and adversely the right of any of the Company and its
Subsidiaries to own its assets and to operate its businesses (and no such
injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling or charge shall be in
effect);   51     (d) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company a
certificate to the effect that each of the conditions specified above in
Section 7.2(a)-(c) is satisfied in all respects;   (e) the Indebtedness of
the Company, other than the Company Senior Subordinated Notes, shall have
been paid in full, and the Buyer shall have caused the Surviving Corporation
to have issued a notice of redemption in full with respect to the Company\'s
Senior Subordinated Notes;   (f) all applicable waiting periods (and
any extensions thereof) under the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Laws shall
have expired or otherwise been terminated, and the Company, its Subsidiaries
and the other Parties to this Agreement shall have received all other
authorizations, consents and approvals of governments and governmental
agencies referred to in Section 5.2 above;   (g) Buyer shall have purchased
from each of Helen Hudson Lovaas, Sten Gibeck and the Shareholders\'
Representative their respective Warrant, in each case using and on the terms
and conditions contained in the form of Warrant Purchase Agreement attached
hereto as Exhibit J (the "Warrant Purchase Agreement");   (h) each of the
Buyer, the Shareholders\' Representative and the Escrow Agent shall have
executed and delivered to each other the Escrow Agreement, and Buyer shall
have delivered to the Escrow Agent the Escrow Deposit pursuant to the terms
of Section 2.3(d) hereof, or, if, pursuant to the terms of the form of Escrow
Agreement, the Escrow Deposit would be delivered as directed by the
Shareholders\' Representative, to the account or accounts designated by the
Shareholders\' Representative;   (i) the Buyer shall have delivered to the
FS Management Company the Net Working Capital Holdback and the Shareholder
Holdback pursuant to the terms of Section 2.3(c) hereof;   (j) each of the
Buyer, the Significant Shareholders, the Merger Sub and the other parties
thereto shall have executed and delivered to each other the Voting
Agreement;   (k) the Company shall have delivered to French the French
Bonus and the French Make Whole Amount pursuant to the terms of Section
2.3(e) hereof; and   (l) all actions to be taken by the Buyer in connection
with consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and
all certificates, instruments, and other documents required to effect
the transactions contemplated hereby will be reasonably satisfactory in form
and substance to the Shareholders\' Representative.   The Shareholders\'
Representative may in its sole and absolute discretion waive any condition
specified in this Section 7.2 if it executes a writing so stating at or prior
to the Closing.   8. Remedies for Breaches of This Agreement.   8.1
Survival of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and
warranties of the Parties contained in this Agreement shall survive the
Closing hereunder for a period of eleven (11) months after the Closing Date;
provided, however, that the representations and   52    warranties set
forth in Sections 3.1, 3.2, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5 and 4.6 and the covenants
and agreements set forth in this Agreement shall survive indefinitely,
without limitation; provided, further, that the representations and
warranties set forth in Section 4.10 shall survive the Closing hereunder
for a period of three (3) years after the Closing Date. Upon the expiration
of the representations and warranties as set forth in this Section 8.1,
such representations and warranties shall cease to be of any further force or
effect. No such expiration shall affect the rights of a Party in respect of
any claim made by such Party in a writing received by another Party prior to
the expiration of any such period. This Section 8 is subject to the
provisions set forth in Section 10.10 below.   8.2 Indemnification
Provisions for Benefit of the Buyer.   (a) In the event the Company breaches
any of its representations or warranties contained in Section 4 above as of
the date hereof (unless such breach can be cured and is cured prior to the
Closing Date), or as of the Closing Date (unless such representation or
warranty recites that it is only made as of an earlier date, in which case it
shall remain true and correct as of such earlier date), and, if there is an
applicable survival period pursuant to Section 8.1 above, provided that the
Buyer makes a written claim for indemnification against any of the
Significant Shareholders in accordance with Section 10.8 below within such
survival period, then, subject to Section 6.7, the Significant Shareholders,
jointly and severally, agree to indemnify the Buyer (including, after the
Closing, the Surviving Corporation and each of its subsidiaries for all
purposes of this Section 8) from and against any Adverse Consequences the
Buyer, the Surviving Corporation or their respective subsidiaries actually
suffer as a result of or arising from such breach.   (b) In the event the
Company or any of the Significant Shareholders breaches any of their
covenants or agreements contained herein, then the Significant Shareholders,
jointly and severally, agree to indemnify the Buyer, the Surviving
Corporation and their respective subsidiaries from and against any Adverse
Consequences the Buyer, the Surviving Corporation or their respective
subsidiaries actually suffer as a result of or arising from such breach. The
Significant Shareholders further agree, jointly and severally, to indemnify
Buyer (including, after the Closing, the Surviving Corporation and each of
its subsidiaries for all purposes of this Section 8) from and against any
Adverse Consequences that Buyer, the Surviving Corporation or
their respective subsidiaries actually suffer as a result or arising out of
the failure of the Shareholders\' Representative or the FS Management Company
to effect any distributions of funds in accordance with the provisions of
this Agreement.   (c) In the event any of the Significant Shareholders
breaches any of its representations or warranties in Section 3.1 above as of
the Closing Date (unless such representation or warranty recites that it is
only made as of an earlier date, in which case it shall remain true and
correct as of such earlier date), and, if there is an applicable
survival period pursuant to Section 8.1 above, provided that the Buyer makes
a written claim for indemnification against the Significant Shareholder in
accordance with Section 10.8 below within such survival period, then such
Significant Shareholder, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify the
Buyer, the Surviving Corporation and their respective subsidiaries from and
against any Adverse Consequences the Buyer, the Surviving Corporation or
their respective subsidiaries actually suffer as a result of or arising from
such breach.   (d) If the Company has not completed the items set forth in
subsections (a) through (e) of Section 5.14 above prior to the Closing, then
the Company shall complete such items following the Closing, and the
Significant Shareholders shall reimburse the Company for the  
53    cost incurred by the Company subsequent to the Closing to complete
such items subsequent to the Closing. The Significant Shareholders shall
indemnify the Buyer, the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective
subsidiaries from and against any Adverse Consequences the Buyer, the
Surviving Corporation and their respective subsidiaries actually suffer
arising from the foregoing items of noncompliance or conditions, as
applicable, and relating to the period of time prior to the correction of
such noncompliance or condition, as applicable.   (e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event (i) of the
presence of any conditions arising from or relating to the conditions
described on Schedule 8.2(e) attached hereto (the "Potential Environmental
Conditions"), the Buyer\'s sole and exclusive remedy shall be to make a claim
under the Environmental Insurance and (ii) the Company breaches any of its
representations or warranties in Section 4.20(a), Section 4.20(b) and/or the
first two sentences of Section 4.20(c) above, and if there is an applicable
survival period pursuant to Section 8.1 above, and the Buyer makes a claim
for indemnification within such survival period, then Buyer\'s exclusive
remedy with respect to the first $2,500,000 of Adverse Consequences, which
would otherwise be recoverable by the Buyer pursuant to the provisions of
this Section 8 as a result of such breach, and which is eligible for coverage
under the Environmental Insurance, shall be to recover under the
Environmental Insurance. If Buyer waives the condition set forth in Section
7.1(s) requiring the delivery of Environmental Insurance, then subsection (i)
above shall continue to apply and Buyer shall have no recourse under Section
8 with respect to Adverse Consequences arising from Potential Environmental
Conditions; provided, however, that subsection (ii) above shall no longer
apply and Buyer may, subject to the other provisions of this Section
8, recover for Adverse Consequences that arise from environmental conditions
that do not constitute Potential Environmental Conditions without regard to
the Environmental Insurance.   (f) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event that the Company is
required to make a payment to French pursuant to the terms of Section I.6. of
the French Employment Agreement, the Shareholders\' Representative shall
indemnify the Company with respect to the amount of such payment, but neither
the Company nor Buyer may make any claim under this Agreement with respect to
any inability by the Company to deduct any such payment for income tax
purposes.   8.3 Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of
the Shareholders.   (a) In the event the Buyer breaches any of
its representations or warranties contained herein as of the date hereof
(unless such breach can be cured and is cured prior to the Closing Date), or
as of the Closing Date (unless such representation or warranty recites that
it is only made as of an earlier date, in which case it shall remain true and
correct as of such earlier date), and, if there is an applicable survival
period pursuant to Section 8.1 above, provided that the Shareholders\'
Representative makes a written claim for indemnification against the Buyer
pursuant to Section 10.8 below within such survival period, then the Buyer
agrees to indemnify each of the holders of Company Shares, the Company
Options and the Warrants from and against any Adverse Consequences the
holders of Company Shares, the Company Options and the Warrants actually
suffers as a result of or arising from such breach.   (b) In the event the
Buyer breaches any of its covenants or agreements contained herein, and, if
there is an applicable survival period pursuant to Section 8.1 above,
provided that the Shareholders\' Representative makes a written claim for
indemnification against the   54    Buyer pursuant to Section 10.8 below
within such survival period, then the Buyer agrees to indemnify each of the
holders of Company Shares, the Company Options and the Warrants from and
against any Adverse Consequences the holders of Company Shares, the Company
Options and the Warrants actually suffers as a result of or arising from such
breach.   8.4 Matters Involving Third Parties.   (a) If any third party
shall notify any Party (the "Indemnified Party") with respect to any matter
(a "Third Party Claim") which may give rise to a claim for indemnification
against any other Party (the "Indemnifying Party") under this Section 8, then
the Indemnified Party shall promptly notify each Indemnifying Party thereof
in writing; provided, however, that no delay on the part of the Indemnified
Party in notifying any Indemnifying Party shall relieve the Indemnifying
Party from any obligation hereunder unless (and then solely to the extent)
the Indemnifying Party thereby is prejudiced.   (b) Any Indemnifying Party
will have the right to defend the Indemnified Party against the Third Party
Claim with counsel of its choice satisfactory to the Indemnified Party so
long as (i) the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party in writing
within fifteen (15) days after the Indemnified Party has given notice of the
Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party will assume the defense of the
Third Party Claim and (ii) the Third Party Claim does not seek an injunction
or other equitable relief.   (c) So long as the Indemnifying Party
is conducting the defense of the Third Party Claim in accordance with
Section 8.4(b) above, (i) the Indemnified Party may retain separate co-
counsel at its sole cost and expense and participate in the defense of the
Third Party Claim, (ii) the Indemnified Party will not consent to the entry
of any judgment or enter into any settlement with respect to the Third Party
Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party, which will
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and (iii) the Indemnifying Party
will not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement
with respect to the Third Party Claim unless (I) the Third Party Claim seeks
only monetary damages and (II) the Indemnified Party is completely released
from liability with respect to such Third Party Claim.   (d) In the event
any of the conditions in Section 8.4(b) above is or becomes unsatisfied,
however, (i) the Indemnified Party will be entitled to defend against the
Third Party Claim, and will not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter
into any settlement without the consent of the Indemnifying Party, which will
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, (ii) the Indemnifying Party will
reimburse the Indemnified Party promptly and periodically for the costs of
defending against the Third Party Claim (including reasonable attorneys\'
fees and expenses), and (iii) the Indemnifying Party will remain responsible
for any Adverse Consequences the Indemnified Party may suffer resulting from,
arising out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by the Third Party
Claim to the extent provided in this Section 8.   8.5 Limitations. The
liability of the Significant Shareholders for claims under this Agreement
shall be limited by the following:   (a) No Adverse Consequences shall be
recoverable by the Buyer, the Surviving Corporation or their respective
subsidiaries pursuant to the provisions of this Section 8 unless and until,
and then only to the extent that, the amount of all such Adverse Consequences
equals or exceeds two million five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000) (the
"Indemnity   55    Deductible") in the aggregate, in which case the
Buyer, the Surviving Corporation or their respective subsidiaries shall be
entitled to indemnification only for the amount of such excess; provided,
however, that no individual matter that involves Adverse Consequences of less
than $25,000 shall be the subject of an indemnity claim or count against the
Indemnity Deductible (provided, that if the claim is $25,000 or more, the
entire amount may be the subject of an indemnity claim and count against the
Indemnity Deductible);  provided, further, that the foregoing limitations in
Section 8.5(a) shall not apply to Adverse Consequences (i) in respect of the
breach by the Company or any Significant Shareholder of any of the
representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5,
4.6 and/or 4.10, (ii) resulting from or arising out of fraud or intentional
misrepresentation by the Company or any Significant Shareholder, (iii) in
respect of claims made pursuant to Sections 8.2(b), 8.2(c) or 8.2(d), or (iv)
in respect of any payments that are required to be made by the Company to
French pursuant to the terms of Section I.6. of the French Employment
Agreement.   (b) The aggregate amount of Adverse Consequences recoverable
by the Buyer, the Surviving Corporation or their respective subsidiaries
pursuant to the provisions of this Section 8 shall be limited to Adverse
Consequences not exceeding an indemnity cap (the "Indemnity Cap") of
(i) sixty million dollars ($60,000,000); provided, that (i) commencing with
the day following the eleventh (11th) month anniversary of the Closing Date,
the Indemnity Cap shall be reduced to fifty million dollars ($50,000,000) and
(ii) in the event that the Escrow Deposit is distributed to Buyer then,
commencing with the later of (x) the eleventh (11th) month anniversary of the
Closing Date, and (y) the time of such distribution to Buyer, the Indemnity
Amount shall be further reduced to twenty-five million dollars ($25,000,000).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the reductions in the
Indemnity Cap pursuant to (i) and (ii) reduce the amount of recovery to which
Buyer, the Surviving Corporation or their respective subsidiaries is entitled
with respect to any claim for Adverse Consequences made or pending prior to
date of the reduction in the Indemnity Cap pursuant to (i) and
(ii);  provided, further, however, that the foregoing limitations in
Sections 8.5(b) above shall not apply to Adverse Consequences (i) in respect
of the breach by the Company or any Significant Shareholder of any of the
representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5
and/or 4.6, (ii) resulting from or arising out of fraud or intentional
misrepresentation by the Company or any Significant Shareholder or (iii) in
respect of claims made pursuant to Section 8.2(b) or 8.2(c). For clarity, the
distribution of the Escrow Amount to Buyer shall not, except as provided in
this Section 8.5(b), reduce the Indemnity Cap, but such distribution shall,
as provided in Section 1.3(d) of the Escrow Agreement, be treated as a
payment in full and complete satisfaction of all Adverse Consequences for any
claim under any provision of this Agreement with respect to the 338 Tax
Benefits, as defined in the Escrow Agreement.   (c) Under the provisions of
this Section 8, if there is any breach of the representations and warranties
contained in Sections 4.7, 4.10(a) or 4.10(h) hereof related to net operating
loss carryovers and other income tax deductions and income tax credits of the
Company and its Subsidiaries that arise prior to the Closing Date and
carryover to, or will otherwise be available for, periods beginning on or
after the Closing Date, Adverse Consequences will include twenty five percent
(25%) of the amount by which the aggregate amount of the federal income tax
net operating loss carryover and other federal income tax deductions and
federal income tax credits (equated to their value as deductions) of the
Company and its Subsidiaries that will be available to   56    the
Company and its Subsidiaries for periods beginning on and after the
Closing Date is less than $124,450,000 (subject to reduction as provided in
the Escrow Agreement).   8.6 Determination of Adverse Consequences. Any
amounts required to be paid to an Indemnified Party pursuant to the terms of
this Section 8 shall be (i) reduced by the amount of any Tax benefits
attributable to a payment made in respect of a claim for Adverse Consequences
and actually received by the Indemnified Party during the period after
Closing and (ii) reduced by any amount actually received by the Indemnified
Party under insurance policies. Notwithstanding the foregoing clause (i), any
distribution of the Escrow Deposit to Buyer pursuant to the terms of the
Escrow Agreement, and any payment of any Adverse Consequences as set forth in
Section 8.5(c) are already net of any Tax benefits with respect thereto. All
indemnification payments under this Section 8 shall be deemed adjustments to
the Purchase Price.   8.7 Other Indemnification Provisions. After the
Closing, the right of the Buyer and the Significant Shareholders (and their
respective Affiliates, members, shareholders, officers and directors) to
indemnification pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, and the rights of
Buyer under the Escrow Agreement and the other agreements entered into in
connection herewith, shall be the sole and exclusive right and remedy
exercisable against any other party to this Agreement in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby; provided, that nothing herein shall limit
or affect any party\'s rights or remedies with respect to fraud or
intentional misrepresentation of or by any other party hereto.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyer shall not be entitled to indemnity
under this Section 8 in respect of any matter to the extent such matter has
been accrued for or reserved for on the Final Closing Date Balance Sheet. Any
such matter shall be disregarded for all purposes of this Section 8. In no
event shall the Significant Shareholders be liable for any consequential,
incidental or indirect damages, or special or punitive damages.   8.8
Directors\' and Officers\' Indemnification.   (a) The indemnification
provisions of the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation that continue the indemnification provisions of the articles of
incorporation and bylaws of the Company, as in effect at the Effective Time,
shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six (6)
years from the Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect the
rights thereunder of individuals who at the Effective Time were directors or
officers of the Company with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to
the Effective Time, unless such modification is required by law. The
Surviving Corporation will honor and perform the Company\'s obligations under
any written indemnification agreements with the Company\'s directors or
officers. The Buyer shall cause the Surviving Corporation to honor and
perform its obligations under the Surviving Corporation\'s articles of
incorporation and bylaws and such written indemnification agreements
(including without limitation as such provisions relate to the advancement
and payment by the Surviving Corporation of the expenses of DandO; Indemnified
Parties (as defined below)). In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Surviving Corporation, the Buyer agrees to assume the
obligation of the Surviving Corporation under its articles of incorporation,
bylaws and such written indemnification agreements. At its election and
expense, the Shareholders\' Representative may obtain tail directors and
officers liability insurance coverage for a period of up to six (6)
years after the Effective Time.   (b) In the event the Surviving
Corporation or its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into
any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving  
57    corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii)
transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any
Person, then and in each such case, proper provisions shall be made by the
Buyer so that the successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation shall
assume the obligations set out in this Section 8.8.   (c) The Surviving
Corporation shall pay all reasonable expenses, including reasonable
attorneys\' fees, that may be incurred by any DandO; Indemnified Party (as
defined below) in enforcing the indemnity and other obligations provided in
this Section 8.8.   (d) The rights of each director, former director,
officer and former officer of the Company ("DandO; Indemnified
Parties") hereunder shall be in addition to any other rights such DandO;
Indemnified Party may have under the charter or bylaws of the Company or the
Surviving Corporation, under the CGCL or otherwise. The provisions of this
Section 8.8 shall survive the consummation of the Merger and expressly are
intended to benefit each of the DandO; Indemnified Parties. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Buyer may cause the Surviving Corporation\'s articles of
incorporation and bylaws to be modified to reflect the agreement of the
Parties that any obligation that the Surviving Corporation may have, whether
under the articles of incorporation, the bylaws or otherwise, to indemnify
the DandO; Indemnified Parties shall not restrict in any manner the rights of
the Buyer pursuant to this Section 8 or require the Company to indemnify DandO;
Indemnified Parties from any valid and proper claim brought in good faith by
the Buyer against a DandO; Indemnified Party under this Agreement once a final,
adjudicated, non-appealable judgment against such DandO; Indemnified Party has
been received by the Buyer, from a court of competent jurisdiction, that such
DandO; Indemnified Party is not entitled to such indemnification.   (e) Each
of the Significant Shareholders hereby agrees that it will not make any claim
for indemnification against any of the Company and its Subsidiaries by reason
of the fact that it was a director, officer, employee, or agent of any such
entity or was serving at the request of any such entity as a partner,
trustee, director, officer, employee, or agent of another entity (whether
such claim is for judgments, damages, penalties, fines, costs, amounts paid
in settlement, losses, expenses, or otherwise and whether such claim is
pursuant to any statute, charter document, bylaw, agreement, or otherwise)
with respect to any action, suit, proceeding, complaint, claim, or demand
brought in good faith by the Buyer against such Significant Shareholder under
this Agreement.   8.9 Security for Obligations. In order to support
its obligations pursuant to this Section 8, the Shareholders\' Representative
hereby agrees that it shall either (i) retain, and not distribute to its
partners, or shall have the ability to cause its partners to contribute to
the Shareholders\' Representative, assets (including without limitation, cash
or debt or equity securities) with a fair market value in an amount, or (ii)
purchase and maintain insurance that supports its obligation to indemnify
Buyer, the Surviving Corporation and their respective subsidiaries pursuant
to the terms and conditions of this Section 8 in an amount, in each case or
in the aggregate, which is sufficient to satisfy the Indemnity Cap (as
defined in Section 8.5(b)), as such amount, after taking into account any
pending claims, may change from time to time pursuant to the terms of Section
8.5(b). The Shareholders\' Representative shall have no further obligation
under this Section 8.9 on or after the later of (i) the three (3) year
anniversary of the Closing Date, and (ii) the resolution of claims for
indemnification pending at the three year anniversary of the Closing Date. In
the event that the Shareholders\' Representative elects to purchase insurance
to support its obligations to indemnify Buyer, the Surviving Corporation and
their respective subsidiaries, the Shareholder\'s  
58    Representative shall provide Buyer with advance notice thereof, and
the policy shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to Buyer, which
acceptance may not be unreasonably withheld. The Shareholders\'
Representative shall provide Buyer with a copy of the applicable insurance
policy or policies promptly following the purchase of such insurance.   9.
Termination.   9.1 Termination of Agreement. Certain of the Parties
may terminate this Agreement as provided below:   (a) the Buyer and the
Shareholders\' Representative may terminate this Agreement by mutual written
consent at any time prior to the Closing;   (b) the Buyer may terminate
this Agreement by giving written notice to the Shareholders\' Representative
at any time prior to the Closing (i) in the event the Company or any of the
Significant Shareholders has breached any (x) covenant or agreement contained
in this Agreement in any material respect, or (y) representation or warranty
contained in this Agreement in any respect that would result in a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, the
Buyer has notified the Company and the Shareholders\' Representative of the
breach, and the breach has continued without cure for a period of fifteen
(15) days after the notice of breach, or (ii) if the Closing shall not have
occurred for any reason on or before (x) August 17, 2004, by reason of the
failure of any condition precedent under Section 7.1 hereof (unless the
failure results primarily from the Buyer itself breaching any material
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement)
other than Section 7.1(d) or Section 7.1(f), or (y) October 17, 2004, by
reason of the failure of the conditions precedent under Section 7.1(d)
and Section 7.1(f) hereof (unless the failure results primarily from the
Buyer itself breaching any material representation, warranty, covenant or
agreement contained in this Agreement, including in particular its covenants
and agreements contained in Section 5.9 of this Agreement); and   (c) the
Shareholders\' Representative may terminate this Agreement by giving written
notice to the Buyer at any time prior to the Closing (i) in the event the
Buyer has breached any material representation, warranty, covenant or
agreement contained in this Agreement in any respect, the Shareholders\'
Representative has notified the Buyer of the breach, and the breach has
continued without cure for a period of fifteen (15) days after the notice of
breach, or (ii) if the Closing shall not have occurred for any reason on or
before (x) August 17, 2004, by reason of the failure of any condition
precedent under Section 7.1 hereof (unless the failure results primarily from
the Significant Shareholders themselves breaching any
material representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this
Agreement) other than Section 7.1(d) or Section 7.1(f), or (y) October 17,
2004, by reason of the failure of the conditions precedent under Section
7.1(d) and Section 7.1(f) hereof (unless the failure results primarily from
the Significant Shareholders themselves breaching any material
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement,
including in particular its covenants and agreements contained in Section 5.9
of this Agreement);   9.2 Effect of Termination. If any Party terminates
this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1 above, all further obligations of the
parties under this Agreement will terminate, except that the obligations in
Sections 10.13 and 10.18 will survive; provided, however, that if this
Agreement is terminated by a Party because of the willful breach of the
Agreement by another Party or because one or more of the conditions to the
terminating Party\'s obligations under this Agreement is not satisfied as a
result of another Party\'s willful failure to comply with its obligations
under this   59    Agreement, the terminating Party\'s right to pursue
all legal remedies will survive such termination unimpaired.   10.
Miscellaneous.   10.1 Nature of Certain Obligations.   (a) The
representations and warranties of each of the Significant Shareholders in
Section 3.1 above concerning the transaction are several obligations. This
means that only the particular Significant Shareholder making the
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement will be responsible to the
extent provided in Section 8 above for any Adverse Consequences the Buyer may
suffer as a result of any breach thereof.   (b) The representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements of the Significant Shareholders in
Section 8 of this Agreement are joint and several obligations. This means
that each such Party making a joint and several representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement will be responsible to the extent provided in Section 8
above for the entirety of any Adverse Consequences the Buyer may suffer as a
result of any breach thereof.   10.2 Press Releases and Public
Announcements. No Party shall issue any press release or make any public
announcement relating to the subject matter of this Agreement prior to or
immediately after the Closing without the prior review and written approval
of the Buyer and the Shareholders\' Representative, other than such
disclosures that may be required by the rules and regulations of any exchange
on which such Party\'s securities may be traded or as may be otherwise
required by any applicable laws.   10.3 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This
Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any Person other than
the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except
pursuant to Section 6.5 and Section 8.8.   10.4 Entire Agreement. This
Agreement (including the documents referred to herein) constitutes the entire
agreement among the Parties and supersedes any prior understandings,
agreements, or representations by or among the Parties, written or oral, to
the extent they related in any way to the subject matter hereof.   10.5
Succession and Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the Parties named herein and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. No Party may assign either this Agreement or any of his or
its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written
approval of the Buyer and the Shareholders\' Representative; provided,
however, that the Buyer may (a) assign any or all of its rights and interests
hereunder to one or more of its Affiliates and (b) designate one or more of
its Affiliates to perform its obligations hereunder (in any or all of which
cases the Buyer nonetheless shall remain responsible for the performance of
all of its obligations hereunder).   10.6 Counterparts; Facsimile
Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile shall be as effective as
delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.   60    
10.7 Headings. The section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted
for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.   10.8 Notices. All notices, requests,
demands, claims, and other communications hereunder will be in writing. Any
notice, request, demand, claim, or other communication hereunder shall for
all purposes of this Agreement be treated as effective or having been given
(a) when delivered if delivered personally, (b) upon receipt if sent by
registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), (c)
upon receipt if transmitted by telecopier (with receipt acknowledged) or (d)
the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery to a domestic address
by a recognized overnight delivery service or overnight courier service, as
set forth below:   If to the Shareholders\' Representative, the FS 
Management Company or Holding:   Freeman Spogli and Co.  11100 Santa Monica
Blvd.  Suite 1900  Los Angeles, CA 90025  Telecopier: (310) 444-1870 
Attention: Charles Rullman   Copy to:   Bingham McCutchen LLP  355 South
Grand Ave.  Suite 4400  Los Angeles, CA 91709  Telecopier: (213) 680-6499 
Attention: Richard J. Welch   If to the Company:   Hudson Respiratory Care
Inc.  27711 Diaz Road  P.O. Box 9020  Temecula, CA 92589-9020  Telecopier:
(909) 699-8462  Attention: Charles A. French   If to the Buyer or the
Merger Sub:   Teleflex Incorporated  155 S. Limerick Road  Limerick, PA
19468  Telecopier: (610) 948-1703  Attention: General Counsel   61    
Copy to:   O\'Melveny and Myers  114 Pacifica  Suite 100  Irvine, CA
92618  Telecopier: (949) 737-2300  Attention: J. Jay Herron and Terry R.
Allen   Any Party may change the address, telex or telecopy to which
notices, requests, demands, claims, and other communications hereunder are to
be delivered by giving the other Parties notice in the manner herein set
forth.   10.9 Governing Law.   (a) This Agreement shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of
California without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision
or rule (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction) that
would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the
State of California.   (b) The parties hereto agree that any action, suit
or proceeding (a "Proceeding") arising out of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be commenced and litigated exclusively
in the United States District Court for the Central District of California or
in a state court of the State of California.   (c) Each of the parties
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) consents to submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the State of
California for any Proceeding (and each such party agrees not to commence any
Proceeding, except in such courts), (ii) waives any objection to the laying
of venue of any Proceeding in the courts of the State of California, and
(iii) waives, and agrees not to plead or to make, any claim that any
Proceeding brought in any court of the State of California has been brought
in an improper or otherwise inconvenient forum.   (d) Each party hereto
hereby irrevocably designates and appoints CT Corporation, 111 8th Avenue,
New York, New York 10011 (hereinafter called the "Agent"), as its attorney-
in-fact to receive service of process in such Proceeding, it being agreed
that service upon such attorney-in-fact shall constitute valid service upon
each such party or its successors or assigns, and each such party agrees that
(i) the sole responsibilities of the Agent shall be (x) to receive such
process, (y) to send a copy of any such process so received to such party, by
registered airmail, return receipt requested, at the address set out in
Section 10.8 of this Agreement, or at the last address filed in writing by
such party with the Agent and (z) to give prompt telegraphic notice of
receipt thereof to such party at such address, and (ii) the Agent shall have
no responsibility for the receipt or non-receipt by such party of such
process, nor for any performance or non-performance by such party, or any
other party to this Agreement or their successors or assigns. The Company
hereby agrees to pay to the Agent such compensation as shall be agreed upon
from time to time for services of the Agent hereunder. Each Party hereto
hereby agrees that its submission to jurisdiction and its designation of the
Agent set out above is made for the express benefit of the Parties hereto.
Each party further covenants and agrees that so long as this Agreement shall
be in effect, such party shall maintain a   62    duly appointed agent
for the service of summonses and other legal processes in Los Angeles,
California and will notify the other Parties hereto of the name and address
of such agent if it is no longer the Agent. Each Party hereto hereby agrees
to execute such documents as may be required by Agent for the purpose
of appointing it as attorney-in-fact to receive service of process as
provided in this Section 10.9(d).   10.10 Notice of Developments. The
Company will give prompt written notice to the Buyer of any material adverse
development causing a breach of any of the representations and warranties
contained in Section 4 above or of any covenant or agreement contained in
this Agreement. Each Party will give prompt written notice to the others of
any material adverse development causing a breach of any of his or its own
representations and warranties contained in Section 3 above.   10.11
Amendments and Waivers. No amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall
be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Buyer and the
Shareholders\' Representative. No waiver by any Party of any default,
misrepresentation, or breach of warranty, covenant or agreement hereunder,
whether intentional or not, shall be deemed to extend to any prior
or subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty, covenant
or agreement hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of
any prior or subsequent such occurrence.   10.12 Severability. Any term or
provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation
in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the
remaining terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of
the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other
jurisdiction.   10.13 Fees, Costs and Expenses. Each of the Parties
will bear his or its own costs and expenses (including legal and advisory
fees and expenses) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, except that the Buyer will pay (a) the HSR
Act filing fee and any other filing fees required by any government or
governmental authority in connection with any other Antitrust Laws, (b) any
sales, use or other transfer Taxes incurred by the Company or its
Subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and (c) one-half of the Agreed Upon Retention Amount. The Company
and Shareholder Transaction Expenses shall reduce the Purchase Price
hereunder as set forth in the definition of Preliminary Purchase Price above.
The Significant Shareholders agree that, except as provided in Section 2.3(e)
with respect to payments to be made at the Closing, none of the Company and
its Subsidiaries has borne or will bear any of the costs and expenses of the
Company and the Significant Shareholders (including any of their legal fees
and expenses and the fee and expenses of Citigroup) in connection with this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.   10.14
Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and
drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent
or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted
jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise
favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the
provisions of this Agreement. Any reference to any federal, state, local,
or foreign statute or law shall be deemed also to refer to all rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires
otherwise. The word "including" shall mean including without limitation. The
Parties intend that   63    each representation, warranty, covenant and
agreement contained herein shall have independent significance.   10.15
Specific Performance. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that the
other Parties would be damaged irreparably in the event any of the provisions
of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms
or otherwise are breached. Accordingly, each of the Parties agrees that the
other Parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent
breaches of the provisions of this Agreement and to enforce specifically this
Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof in any action instituted in any
court of the United States or any state thereof having jurisdiction over the
Parties and the matter (subject to the provisions set forth in Section 10.9
above), in addition to any other remedy to which they may be entitled, at law
or in equity.   10.16 Attorneys\' Fees. In the event any litigation
arises out of or in connection with this Agreement, the prevailing Party in
such litigation will be entitled to recover from the other Party or Parties
to such litigation all reasonable attorneys\' fees, expenses and litigation
costs, including those associated with any appellate or post-judgment
collection proceeding.   10.17 Shareholders\' Representative.   (a) The
Company and the Significant Shareholders hereby authorize, direct and appoint
the Shareholders\' Representative to act as sole and exclusive agent,
attorney-in-fact and representative of the Significant Shareholders and the
other holders of Company Shares, Company Options and Warrants, with full
power of substitution with respect to all matters under this Agreement and
the Escrow Agreement, including, without limitation, determining, giving and
receiving notices and processes hereunder and thereunder, receiving certain
distributions to or for the benefit of the holders of the Company Shares, the
Company Options and the Warrants, entering into any documents required or
permitted under Section 8, contesting and settling any and all claims for
indemnification pursuant to Section 8 hereof, resolving any other disputes
hereunder (including disputes with respect to purchase price adjustments or
calculations), performing the duties expressly assigned to the Shareholders\'
Representative hereunder and thereunder and to engage and employ agents and
representatives and to incur such other expenses as the
Shareholders\' Representative shall reasonably deem necessary or prudent in
connection with the foregoing. The Shareholders\' Representative shall have
the sole and exclusive right on behalf of any holder of Company Shares,
Company Options and Warrants (including the Significant Shareholders) to take
any action or provide any waiver, or receive any notice with respect to any
claims for indemnification under Section 8 and to settle any claim or
controversy arising with respect thereto. Any such actions taken, exercises
of rights, power or authority, and any decision or determination made by the
Shareholders\' Representative consistent herewith, shall be absolutely and
irrevocably binding on each holder of Company Shares, Company Options and
Warrants (including the Significant Shareholders) as if such Person
personally had taken such action, exercised such rights, power or authority
or made such decision or determination in such Person\'s individual capacity,
and no Person shall have the right to object, dissent, protest or otherwise
contest the same. Any action required to be taken by the Significant
Shareholders hereunder or pursuant to the Escrow Agreement or any action
which Significant Shareholders, at their election, have the right to take
hereunder or thereunder, shall be taken only by the
Shareholders\' Representative, and no Significant Shareholder acting on its
own shall be entitled to take any such action. All deliveries and payments to
be made by the Buyer to the Shareholders\' Representative pursuant to
Sections 2.3(c), 2.5(d) and 2.8 above shall be made on   64    behalf
of the holders of Company Shares, Company Options and Warrants and
shall constitute full performance of the obligations of the Buyer to the
Shareholders\' Representative pursuant to such sections with respect to such
amounts. The Buyer shall not be liable for allocation of particular
deliveries and payments of such amounts by the Shareholders\' Representative.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Shareholders\' Representative shall not
take any action on behalf of the Significant Shareholders without the
approval of such action by a majority of the Significant Shareholders.  
(b) The appointment of the Shareholders\' Representative as each Significant
Shareholder\'s attorney-in-fact revokes any power of attorney heretofore
granted that authorized any other person or persons to represent such
Significant Shareholder with regard to this Agreement or the Escrow
Agreement. The appointment of the Shareholders\' Representative as attorney-
in-fact pursuant hereto is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. The
obligations of each Significant Shareholder pursuant to this Agreement
(i) will not be terminated by operation of law, death, mental or
physical incapacity, liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar event with respect to such Significant Shareholder or any proceeding
in connection therewith, or in the case of a trust, by the death of any
trustee or trustees or the termination of such trust, or any other event, and
(ii) shall survive the delivery of an assignment by any Significant
Shareholders of the whole or any fraction of its interest in any payment due
to it under this Agreement or the Escrow Agreement.   (c) The
Shareholders\' Representative hereby accepts the foregoing appointment and
agrees to serve as Shareholders\' Representative, subject to the provisions
hereof, for the period of time from and after the date hereof without
compensation except for the reimbursement from the holders of the Company
Shares, the Company Options and the Warrants, out of the Net Working Capital
Holdback, of reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the Shareholders\'
Representative in its capacity as such. Each of the Significant Shareholders
and the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees, that in appointing
Shareholders\' Representative as their representative pursuant to the terms
and provisions of this Section 10.17, and as specified herein,
the Shareholders\' Representative shall not, in the absence of bad faith,
willful misconduct or gross negligence, have any liability to the
Significant Shareholders or the holders of Company Shares, Company Options or
Warrants whatsoever with respect to their actions, decisions and
determinations, and shall be entitled to assume that all actions, decisions
and determinations are fully authorized by each and every one of the
Significant Shareholders, the holders of Company Shares, the holders of the
Company Options and the holders of the Warrants; provided, that such actions
take by the Shareholders\' Representative have been approved by a majority of
the Significant Shareholders.   (d) The provisions of this Section 10.17
shall in no way impose any obligations on the Buyer. In particular,
notwithstanding any notice received by the Buyer to the contrary and absent
Buyer\'s bad faith or willful misconduct, the Buyer (i) shall be fully
protected in relying upon and shall be entitled to rely upon, shall have no
liability to the Significant Shareholders with respect to, actions, decisions
and determinations of the Shareholders\' Representative and the FS Management
Company and (ii) shall be entitled to assume that all actions, decisions and
determinations of the Shareholders\' Representative and the FS Management
Company are fully authorized by all of the Significant Shareholders and the
holders of the Company Shares, the Company Options and the Warrants.   (e)
With respect to the rights and obligations of the Shareholders\'
Representative relating to the Net Working Capital Holdback, the Shareholder
Holdback and the   65    Contingent Purchase Price in this Agreement,
the FS Management Company is hereby substituted for the Shareholders\'
Representative throughout this Agreement, and the FS Management Company
hereby accepts such substitution and appointment for all such purposes.  
10.18 Confidentiality.   (a) The terms of that certain
Confidentiality Agreement by and between the Company and Buyer dated January
22, 2004, shall remain in full force and effect, notwithstanding the
execution and delivery of this Agreement.   (b) Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary, each Party (and each employee, representative
or other agent of any Party) may disclose to any and all persons, without
limitation of any kind, the U.S. Federal income Tax treatment and U.S.
Federal income Tax structure of any and all transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (the "Transactions") and all materials of any kind (including
opinions or other tax analyses) that are or have been provided to any Party
(or to any employee, representative or other agent of any such Party)
relating to such Tax treatment or Tax structure; provided, however, that such
disclosure may not be made (i) until the earlier of (x) the date of the
public announcement of discussions relating to the Transactions, (y) the date
of the public announcement of the Transactions and (z) the date of the
execution of any agreement to enter into the Transactions and (ii) to the
extent required to be kept confidential to comply with any applicable federal
or state securities laws.   10.19 No Reliance on Other Information. Except
for the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, none of
the Company, the Significant Shareholders or any representative or Affiliate
or other person acting for any of them makes any other representation or
warranty, express or implied, with respect to the Company and its
Subsidiaries or the financial condition or prospects of the Company and its
Subsidiaries or the execution, delivery or performance by the Company or the
Significant Shareholders of this Agreement or with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby, and the Company and the Significant
Shareholders hereby disclaim any such representation or warranty, whether
oral or written, whether by the Company, the Significant Shareholders or any
of their respective representatives or Affiliates or any other person. Buyer
acknowledges that none of the Company, the Significant Shareholders or any
other person has made any representation or warranty, express or implied, as
to the accuracy or completeness of any information regarding the Company and
its Subsidiaries not included in this Agreement or the Company Disclosure
Letter attached hereto, and none of the Company, the Significant Shareholders
nor any other person will have or be subject to any liability to Buyer or any
other person resulting from the distribution to Buyer, or Buyer\'s use of,
any such information (including, without limitation, any brochures,
descriptive memoranda or other publications distributed in connection with
the sale of the Company or in any presentations by the management of
the Company and any estimates of anticipated performance of the Company and
its Subsidiaries.) The parties hereto hereby agree that nothing in this
Section 10.19 shall limit or affect any party\'s rights or remedies with
respect to fraud or intentional misrepresentation of or by any other party
hereto.   66     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed
this Agreement effective as of the date first above written.   BUYER:  
TELEFLEX INCORPORATED   By: /s/ Kevin K. Gordon 
________________________________________  Name: Kevin K. Gordon  Title: Vice
President   MERGER SUB:   TELEFLEX ACQUISITION CORPORATION   By: /s/
Kevin K. Gordon  ________________________________________  Name: Kevin K.
Gordon  Title: Vice President   COMPANY:   HUDSON RESPIRATORY CARE
INC.   By: /s/ Charles A. French 
________________________________________  Name: Charles A. French  Title:
President and Chief Executive  Officer   67     SHAREHOLDERS\'
REPRESENTATIVE:   FS EQUITY PARTNERS IV, L.P.   By: FS Capital Partners
LLC  Its: General Partner   By: /s/ Jon D. Ralph 
____________________________________  Name: Jon D. Ralph 
__________________________________  Title: Vice President 
_________________________________   HOLDING:   RIVER HOLDING CORP.   By:
/s/ Charles A. French  ________________________________________  Name:
Charles A. French  Title: President   FS MANAGEMENT COMPANY   FREEMAN
SPOGLI and CO. LLC   By: /s/ Jon D. Ralph 
________________________________________  Name: Jon D. Ralph 
__________________________________  Title: Vice President 
_________________________________   68     TABLE OF CONTENTS    
Page  ----  ~~  1.
DEFINITIONS............................................................................................
1  2. THE MERGER AND CONVERSION OF
SECURITIES................................................................
10   2.1 The
Merger....................................................................................
10   2.2 The
Closing...................................................................................
11   2.3 Deliveries at the
Closing.....................................................................
11   2.4 Effect on Capital
Stock.......................................................................
11   2.5 Purchase Price
Adjustment.....................................................................
12   2.6 Method of
Payment.............................................................................
16   2.7 Repayment of
Indebtedness.....................................................................
19   2.8 Contingent Purchase
Price.....................................................................
19   2.9 Retention Payment
Amount......................................................................
19  3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE
TRANSACTION.............................................. 20   3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Significant
Shareholders................................ 20   3.2 Representations and
Warranties of the Buyer and the Merger Sub................................
21  4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE COMPANY AND ITS
SUBSIDIARIES............................. 22   4.1 Organization,
Qualification, and Corporate
Power.............................................. 22   4.2
Capitalization................................................................................
22   4.3
Noncontravention..............................................................................
23   4.4 Brokers\'
Fees.................................................................................
23   4.5 Title to
Assets...............................................................................
24   4.6
Subsidiaries..................................................................................
24   4.7 Financial
Statements..........................................................................
24   4.8 Events Subsequent to the Most Recent Fiscal Year
End.......................................... 25   4.9 Legal Compliance;
Permits and Licenses........................................................
27   4.10 Tax
Matters...................................................................................
28   4.11 Real
Property.................................................................................
29   4.12 Intellectual
Property.........................................................................
30   4.13 Tangible
Assets...............................................................................
32   4.14
Contracts.....................................................................................
32   4.15
Insurance.....................................................................................
33    i     TABLE OF CONTENTS  (continued)     Page  ----  ~~  
4.16
Litigation....................................................................................
34   4.17
Employees.....................................................................................
34   4.18 Employee
Benefits.............................................................................
35   4.19
Guaranties....................................................................................
36   4.20 Environment, Health, and
Safety............................................................... 36  
4.21 Certain Business Relationships with the Company and its
Subsidiaries.......................... 37   4.22 Required Shareholder
Vote.....................................................................
37   4.23 Company Board
Approval........................................................................
38   4.24
Suppliers.....................................................................................
38   4.25 Powers of
Attorney............................................................................
38   4.26 Controls and
Procedures.......................................................................
38  5. PRE-CLOSING
COVENANTS..................................................................................
38   5.1
General.......................................................................................
38   5.2 Notices and
Consents..........................................................................
38   5.3 Operation of
Business.........................................................................
39   5.4 Preservation of
Business......................................................................
39   5.5
Access........................................................................................
39   5.6
Exclusivity...................................................................................
40   5.7 Employee
Benefits.............................................................................
40   5.8 Approval of Merger and Optional
Redemption.................................................... 40   5.9
Antitrust.....................................................................................
41   5.10 Subsequent Events Disclosure; Physical
Inventory.............................................. 42   5.11
CenterPoint...................................................................................
42   5.12 Removal of Certain Security
Interests......................................................... 42   5.13
Environmental
Insurance.......................................................................
42   5.14 Environmental
Covenants.......................................................................
42   5.15 Pre-Closing Environmental
Testing............................................................. 43  
5.16 Buyer\'s Environmental
Reports.................................................................
43  6. ADDITIONAL
COVENANTS...................................................................................
43   6.1
General.......................................................................................
44   6.2 Litigation
Support............................................................................
44    ii     TABLE OF CONTENTS  (continued)     Page  ----  ~~
  6.3 Non-
Disparagement.............................................................................
44   6.4 Certain Tax
Matters...........................................................................
44   6.5 Employee
Matters..............................................................................
47   6.6 Notice of
Redemption..........................................................................
48   6.7 Post-Closing Environmental
Testing............................................................ 48  7.
CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION TO
CLOSE......................................................................
49   7.1 Conditions to Obligation of the Buyer and Merger
Sub.......................................... 49   7.2 Conditions to
Obligations of the Company and the Significant
Shareholders..................... 51  8. REMEDIES FOR BREACHES OF THIS
AGREEMENT................................................................
52   8.1 Survival of Representations and
Warranties.................................................... 52   8.2
Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of the
Buyer........................................... 53   8.3 Indemnification
Provisions for Benefit of the Shareholders....................................
54   8.4 Matters Involving Third
Parties............................................................... 55  
8.5
Limitations...................................................................................
55   8.6 Determination of Adverse
Consequences......................................................... 57  
8.7 Other Indemnification
Provisions..............................................................
57   8.8 Directors\' and Officers\'
Indemnification...................................................... 57  
8.9 Security for
Obligations......................................................................
58  9.
TERMINATION............................................................................................
59   9.1 Termination of
Agreement......................................................................
59   9.2 Effect of
Termination.........................................................................
59  10.
MISCELLANEOUS..........................................................................................
60   10.1 Nature of Certain
Obligations.................................................................
60   10.2 Press Releases and Public
Announcements....................................................... 60  
10.3 No Third-Party
Beneficiaries..................................................................
60   10.4 Entire
Agreement..............................................................................
60   10.5 Succession and
Assignment.....................................................................
60   10.6 Counterparts; Facsimile
Signatures............................................................ 60  
10.7
Headings......................................................................................
61   10.8
Notices.......................................................................................
61   10.9 Governing
Law.................................................................................
62    iii     TABLE OF CONTENTS  (continued)     Page  ----  ~~
  10.10 Notice of
Developments........................................................................
63   10.11 Amendments and
Waivers........................................................................
63   10.12
Severability..................................................................................
63   10.13 Fees, Costs and
Expenses......................................................................
63   10.14
Construction..................................................................................
63   10.15 Specific
Performance..........................................................................
64   10.16 Attorneys\'
Fees...............................................................................
64   10.17 Shareholders\'
Representative..................................................................
64   10.18
Confidentiality...............................................................................
66   10.19 No Reliance on Other
Information..............................................................
66   Exhibit A - Form of Release by Holder of Company Option   Exhibit B -
Form of Letter of Transmittal (Common)   Exhibit C - Form of Letter of
Transmittal (Preferred)   Exhibit D - Financial Statements   Exhibit E -
Form of Voting Agreement   Exhibit F - Form of Opinion of Counsel to the
Company and the Significant  Shareholders   Exhibit G - Form of Release by
Significant Shareholders   Exhibit H - Form of Non-Solicitation
Agreement   Exhibit I - Form of Escrow Agreement   Exhibit J - Form of
Warrant Purchase Agreement   Exhibit K - Form of Agreement of Merger  
Exhibit L - Form of Release by French   Schedule 1.1(a) - Net Working
Capital Calculation   Schedule 1.1(b) - Application of GAAP    iv    
TABLE OF CONTENTS  (continued)     Page  ----  ~~    Schedule 2.6 -
Persons and Entities omitted from the Contribution Agreement  and Subject to
the Shareholder Holdback   Schedule 5.2 - Notices and Consents   Schedule
5.3 - Operation of Business   Schedule 7.1(l) - Required Consents  
Schedule 8.2(e) - Potential Environmental Conditions   Significant
Shareholder - Exceptions to the Representations and Warranties of the 
Disclosure Letter Significant Shareholders   Buyer Disclosure Letter -
Exceptions to the Representations and Warranties of the Buyer   Company
Disclosure Letter - Exceptions to the Representations and Warranties of the
Company  and its Subsidiaries   Section 4.1 Organization, Qualification,
and Corporate Power  Section 4.2 Capitalization  Section 4.3
Noncontravention  Section 4.5 Title to Assets  Section 4.6 Subsidiaries 
Section 4.7 Financial Statements; No Undisclosed Liabilities  Section 4.8
Events Subsequent to the Most Recent Fiscal Year End  Section 4.9 Legal
Compliance; Permits and Licenses  Section 4.10 Federal Net Operating Losses 
Section 4.11 Real Property  Section 4.12(b) Third Party Infringement Upon
Intellectual Property Rights  Section 4.12(c) Issued or Pending Intellectual
Property  Section 4.12(d) Licensed Intellectual Property  Section 4.13
Sufficiency of Assets  Section 4.14 Contracts  Section 4.15 Insurance 
Section 4.16 Litigation  Section 4.17 Employees  Section 4.18 Employee
Benefit Plans  Section 4.19 Guaranties  Section 4.20 Environment, Health and
Safety Matters  Section 4.21 Business Relationships With the Company and
its  Subsidiaries  Section 4.24 Suppliers  Section 4.25 Powers of
Attorney    v    '

