<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(N)
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-n.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VOTING AGREEMENT, DATED 6/21/00
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(N)

                                VOTING AGREEMENT

     In consideration of Texas Instruments Incorporated, a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), Burma Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Subsidiary"), and
Burr-Brown Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), entering into on
the date hereof a Merger Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the "Merger
Agreement"), pursuant to which Merger Sub, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions thereof, will merge with and into the Company (the "Merger"), and
each outstanding share of Company Common Stock will be converted into the right
to receive the Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement) in
accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, each of the undersigned
holders (each, a "Stockholder") of shares of Company Common Stock agrees with
each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company as follows:

     1. During the period (the "Agreement Period") beginning on the date hereof
and ending on the earlier of (i) the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger
Agreement), and (ii) the date of termination of the Merger Agreement in
accordance with its terms, each Stockholder hereby agrees to vote the shares of
Company Common Stock set forth opposite its name in SCHEDULE A hereto (the
"Schedule A Securities") to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the
Merger (provided that the Stockholder shall not be required to vote in favor of
the Merger Agreement or the Merger if the Merger Agreement has, without the
consent of the Stockholder, been amended in any manner that is material and
adverse to such Stockholder) and any actions directly and reasonably related
thereto at any meeting or meetings of the stockholders of the Company, and at
any adjournment thereof or pursuant to action by written consent, at or by which
such Merger Agreement, or such other actions, are submitted for the
consideration and vote of the stockholders of the Company so long as such
meeting is held (including any adjournment thereof) or written consent adopted
prior to the termination of the Agreement Period.

     2. During the Agreement Period, each Stockholder hereby agrees that such
Stockholder shall not enter into any voting agreement or grant a proxy or power
of attorney with respect to the Schedule A Securities in any manner inconsistent
with the obligations of such Stockholder under this Agreement.

     3. Each Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub
that as of the date hereof:

          (a) Such Stockholder (i) owns beneficially all of the shares of
     Company Common Stock set forth opposite the Stockholder's name in SCHEDULE
     A hereto, (ii) has the full and unrestricted legal power, authority and
     right to enter into, execute and deliver this Voting Agreement without the
     consent or approval of any other person, and (iii) has not entered into any
     voting agreement or other similar agreement with or granted any person any
     proxy (revocable or irrevocable) in respect of such shares (other than this
     Voting Agreement).

          (b) This Voting Agreement is the valid and binding agreement of such
     Stockholder.

          (c) No investment banker, broker or finder is entitled to a commission
     or fee from such Stockholder or the Company in respect of this Voting
     Agreement based upon any arrangement or agreement made by or on behalf of
     the Stockholder.

     4. If any provision of this Voting Agreement shall be invalid or
unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such invalidity or unenforceability only, without in any way affecting
the remaining provisions of this Voting Agreement.

     5. This Voting Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts each
of which shall be an original with the same effect as if the signatures hereto
and thereto were upon the same instrument.

     6. The parties hereto agree that if, for any reason, any party hereto shall
have failed to perform its obligations under this Voting Agreement, then the
party seeking to enforce this Voting Agreement against such non-performing party
shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive and other equitable

                                       B-1
<PAGE>   2

relief, and the parties hereto further agree to waive any requirement for the
securing or posting of any bond in connection with the obtaining of any such
injunctive relief. This provision is without prejudice to any other rights or
remedies, whether at law or in equity, that any party hereto may have against
any other party hereto for any failure to perform its obligations under this
Voting Agreement.

     7. This Voting Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware.

     8. Each Stockholder will, upon request, execute and deliver any additional
documents deemed by Parent to be reasonably necessary or desirable to complete
and effectuate the covenants contained herein.

     9. This Agreement shall terminate upon the termination of the Agreement
Period.

     10. No Stockholder shall sell, assign, encumber or otherwise dispose of, or
enter into any contract, option or other arrangement or understanding in respect
of the direct or indirect sale, assignment, transfer, encumbrance or other
disposition of, any Schedule A Securities during the term of this Agreement
unless such Stockholder first provides written notice thereof to Parent and
obtains a written agreement of the proposed transferee to be bound by the terms
of this Agreement.

     11. Parent, Merger Sub and the Company understand and agree that this
Agreement pertains only to each Stockholder and not to any of its affiliates, if
any, or advisers.

     12. Parent, Merger Sub and the Company severally, but not jointly,
represent and warrant to each Stockholder that there is no agreement,
understanding or commitment, written or oral, to pay any consideration directly
or indirectly in connection with the Merger or otherwise to or for the benefit
of any holder of Company Common Stock or options thereon other than as set forth
in the Merger Agreement (except, in the case of directors, employees, agents,
customers, suppliers or contractors of the Company who are also holders, such
consideration as is payable by the Company in the ordinary course of business,
and except for amounts payable to officers, directors or employees in connection
with or pursuant to any options or option, stock purchase, stock ownership or
other employee benefit plans or agreements).

     13. Neither Parent, Merger Sub nor the Company will enter into any
agreement with any other stockholder of the Company having a purpose or effect
substantially similar to that of this Voting Agreement on financial terms (in
respect of such other stockholder) more favorable than the terms of this Voting
Agreement.

     14. Any Stockholder who is also a director or officer of the Company will
not, by execution of this Agreement, be precluded from exercising his fiduciary
duties under applicable Law in his capacity as a director or officer with
respect to the Company and nothing herein will limit or affect, or give rise to
any liability to a Stockholder by virtue of any actions taken by such
Stockholder in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company.

     15. Nothing contained in this Voting Agreement shall be deemed to vest in
Parent, Merger Sub or the Company any direct or indirect ownership or incidence
of ownership of or with respect to any Schedule A Securities. All rights,
ownership and economic benefits of and relating to the Schedule A Securities
shall remain and belong to the applicable Stockholder and neither Parent, Merger
Sub nor the Company shall have any power or authority to direct any Stockholder
in the voting of any Schedule A Securities or the performance by any Stockholder
of its duties or responsibilities as a stockholder of the Company, except as
otherwise provided herein.

                                       B-2
<PAGE>   3

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Voting Agreement
as of June 21, 2000.

                                            TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INCORPORATED

                                            By:     /s/ M. SAMUEL SELF
                                              ----------------------------------
                                                Name: M. Samuel Self
                                                Title: Senior Vice President and
                                                Controller

                                            BURMA ACQUISITION CORP.

                                            By:     /s/ M. SAMUEL SELF
                                              ----------------------------------
                                                Name: M. Samuel Self
                                                Title: Treasurer

                                            BURR-BROWN CORPORATION

                                            By:     /s/ SYRUS P. MADAVI
                                              ----------------------------------
                                                Name: Syrus P. Madavi
                                                Title: Chairman, President and
                                                CEO

                                       B-3
<PAGE>   4

                                            STOCKHOLDERS:

                                            /s/ THOMAS R. BROWN, JR.
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Thomas R. Brown, Jr.*

                                            /s/ SYRUS P. MADAVI
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Syrus P. Madavi

                                            /s/ FRANCIS J. AGUILAR
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Francis J. Aguilar

                                            /s/ JOHN S. ANDEREGG, JR.
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            John S. Anderegg, Jr.

                                            /s/ MARCELO A. GUMUCIO
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Marcelo A. Gumucio

                                            /s/ J. SCOTT BLOUIN
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            J. Scott Blouin

     * Individually and (i) as trustee of Trust Agreement dated October 3, 1998,
under the last will and testament of Helen M. Brown for the benefit of Mary B.
Brown, (ii) as trustee of Trust Agreement dated October 3, 1998, under the last
will and testament of Helen M. Brown for the benefit of Sarah M. Brown
Smallhouse and (iii) as general partner of Brown Investment Management Limited
Partnership.

                                       B-4
<PAGE>   5

                                   SCHEDULE A
                                       TO
                                VOTING AGREEMENT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
STOCKHOLDER                                                   CLASS    NUMBER OF SHARES
-----------                                                   -----    ----------------
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>
Thomas R. Brown, Jr.*.......................................  Common      16,527,631
John S. Anderegg, Jr. ......................................  Common         167,397
Francis J. Aguilar..........................................  Common          50,625
Syrus P. Madavi.............................................  Common          40,000
Marcelo A. Gumucio..........................................  Common               0
J. Scott Blouin.............................................  Common               0
</TABLE>

     * Individually and (i) as trustee of Trust Agreement dated October 3, 1998,
under the last will and testament of Helen M. Brown for the benefit of Mary B.
Brown, (ii) as trustee of Trust Agreement dated October 3, 1998, under the last
will and testament of Helen M. Brown for the benefit of Sarah M. Brown
Smallhouse and (iii) as general partner of Brown Investment Management Limited
Partnership.

                                       B-5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
