 PURCHASE AGREEMENT   PURCHASE
AGREEMENT    by and between    TOOTSIE ROLL INDUSTRIES, INC.
("Buyer")   and   CONCORD CONFECTIONS INC.  TERRA ROUGE ESTATES INC. 
ALPHARETTA CONFECTIONS, INC.  CONCORD WAX LLC  (the "Sellers")   and  
HOWARD SMUSCHKOWITZ  SERGE NUSBAUM  BRUCE WEINER  BAY-CHARLES INVESTMENTS
LTD.  ONWARD INVESTMENTS LIMITED  JS NUSBAUM HOLDINGS INC.  973031 ONTARIO
LIMITED  973032 ONTARIO LIMITED  973033 ONTARIO LIMITED   and   THE
TRUST STOCKHOLDERS    (the "Stockholders")    August 11, 2004    
TABLE OF CONTENTS   PAGE  1.
Definitions...........................................................1  2.
Purchase and Sale of Assets..........................................11  3.
Representations and Warranties of Sellers and Stockholders...........15  4.
Representations and Warranties of Buyer..............................35  5.
Pre-Closing Covenants................................................35  6.
Post-Closing Covenants...............................................42  7.
Conditions to Obligation to Close....................................49  8.
Survival; Indemnification............................................53  9.
Termination..........................................................56  10.
Miscellaneous........................................................57  
-i-     PURCHASE AGREEMENT      THIS PURCHASE AGREEMENT is made and
entered into as of this 11th day of August, 2004, by and between Tootsie Roll
Industries, Inc., a Virginia corporation ("Buyer"), Concord Confections Inc.,
an Ontario corporation ("Concord"), Terra Rouge Estates Inc., an Ontario
corporation ("Terra Rouge"), Alpharetta Confections, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Alpharetta"), Concord Wax LLC, an Alabama limited liability
company ("Wax" and together with Concord, Terra Rouge and Alpharetta, the
"Sellers") and Bay-Charles Investments Ltd., an Ontario corporation, Onward
Investments Limited, an Ontario corporation, JS Nusbaum Holdings Inc., an
Ontario corporation, 973031 Ontario Limited, an Ontario corporation, 973032
Ontario Limited, an Ontario corporation, 973033 Ontario Limited, an Ontario
corporation, and Bruce Weiner (collectively the "Direct Stockholders") and
Howard Smuschkowitz , Serge Nusbaum and Bruce Weiner and the trusts
identified as Trust Stockholders on the signature page hereof (collectively,
the "Trust Stockholders" and together with Howard Smuschkowitz, Serge Nusbaum
and Bruce Weiner, collectively the "Holding Company Stockholders" and
together with the Direct Stockholders, the "Stockholders"). Buyer,
Sellers and Stockholders are referred to collectively herein as the
"Parties."   WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, Stockholders, directly or indirectly,
own all of the outstanding capital stock of Sellers.   WHEREAS, Sellers are
engaged in the business of the manufacture, sale and distribution of sugar,
wax and confectionery products, gum and related products (collectively, the
"Business"); and   WHEREAS, this Agreement contemplates a transaction in
which (i) Buyer will purchase from Sellers, and Sellers will sell to Buyer,
certain assets used in the Business, and (iii) Buyer will assume certain
liabilities related to the Business all on the terms set forth herein.  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
promises herein made, and in consideration of the representations,
warranties, and covenants herein contained, the Parties agree as follows:  
1. Definitions.   "AAA" has the meaning set forth in ss.10(j) below.  
"Accounts Receivable" has the meaning set forth in ss.3(q) below.  
"Acquired Assets" means all right, title and interest in and to all of
the assets of Sellers (other than the Excluded Assets), including: (a)
accounts, notes and other receivables, (b) tangible personal property (such
as machinery, equipment, inventories of raw materials and supplies,
manufactured and purchase parts, goods in process and finished goods,
furniture, automobiles, trucks, tractors, trailers, tools, jigs, dies and
plates), (c) Owned Real Property and Leased Property, (d) Intellectual
Property (including the name "Concord Confections"), goodwill associated
therewith, licenses and sublicense granted and obtained with respect thereto,
and rights thereunder, remedies against    infringement thereof, and
rights to protection of interests therein under the laws of all
jurisdictions, (e) agreements, contracts (including futures contracts related
to ingredients, including sugar, and noncompetition agreements entered into
in connection with the prior purchase of businesses), instruments, Security
Interests, guaranties, other similar arrangements, and rights thereunder, (f)
franchises, approvals, permits, licenses, orders, registrations, certificates
and similar rights obtained from governments and government agencies (to the
extent assignable), (g) prepayments, prepaid expenses and charges (including
any such charges and expenses with respect to leases and rentals), and
deferred items, claims, deposits, refunds, causes of action, choses in
action, rights of recovery, rights of set off, and rights of recoupment
(excluding any such term related to payment of Taxes), (h) whether in hard
copy or computer format, books, records, ledgers, files,
documents, correspondence, lists of present customers, suppliers, sales
representatives and distributors, surveys, manuals and data, catalogs,
quality control records, drawings, specifications, creative materials,
advertising and promotional materials, studies, reports, and other printed or
written materials, (i) UPC codes and (j) the IMI Shares.   "Acquisition
Transaction" has the meaning set forth in ss.5(f)(i) below.   "Adverse
Consequences" means all actions, suits, proceedings,
hearings, investigations, charges, audits, complaints, claims, demands,
injunctions, judgments, orders, decrees, rulings, damages, dues, penalties,
fines, costs, amounts paid in settlement, Liabilities, obligations, Taxes,
liens, losses, expenses, and fees, including court costs and attorneys\' fees
and expenses.   "Affiliate" has the meaning with respect to Persons in the
United States as set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the regulations promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and with respect to Persons
in Canada has the meaning as set forth in the Competition Act (Canada).  
"Affiliated Group" means any affiliated group within the meaning of
Code ss.1504(a) or any similar group defined under a similar provision of
federal, provincial, state, local or foreign law.   "Alpharetta" has the
meaning set forth in the preface above.   "Arbitrator" has the meaning set
forth in ss.10(j) below.   "Assumed Liabilities" means: (a) all Liabilities
for accounts payable which arose or arise in the ordinary course of business
for goods or services actually received or to be received by Sellers prior to
the Closing Date but only to the extent accrued on the Statement of Net
Working Capital in accordance with GAAP, (b) all Liabilities for salary,
bonuses, benefits, incentive payments, commissions, accrued vacation, sick
leave and holiday pay to Transferred Employees, including all employer
deductions at source and all employee contributions relating thereto, but
only to the extent accrued on the Statement of Net Working Capital in
accordance with GAAP (but specifically excluding compensation related to
phantom stock and profit sharing arrangements, if any) up to the Closing Date
and (c) all liabilities and obligations of Sellers under the agreements,
contracts and licenses included in the Acquired Assets but excluding those
agreements, contracts and licenses required to be disclosed in ss.ss. 3(n),
3(o), and 3(s) of the Disclosure Schedule but which are not so  
2    disclosed (unless otherwise agreed to by Buyer in writing). Any
Liability under an agreement that is listed on the Disclosure Schedules but
has not been delivered to Buyer as requested by Buyer within 12 business days
after the date hereof shall not be an Assumed Liability.   "Books and
Records" has the meaning set forth in ss.3(bb) below.   "Business" has the
meaning set forth in the preface above.   "Business Employees" has the
meaning set forth in ss.3(x) below.   "Buyer" has the meaning set forth in
the preface above.   "Buyer Welfare Plan" has the meaning set forth in
ss.6(b)(ii) below.   "Canadian Property" means all property of Sellers that
is taxable Canadian property, a life insurance policy in Canada, a Canadian
resource property, a timber resource property or any interest in or option in
respect of the foregoing, all within the meaning of the Income Tax Act
(Canada).   "Canadian Tire" means Canadian Tire Corporation Limited.  
"Canadian Tire Lease" means that certain Indenture dated October 31,
2002 between Terra Rouge and Canadian Tire, as amended.   "Cash" means cash
and cash equivalents (including marketable securities and short term
investments) calculated in accordance with GAAP.   "CERCLA" has the meaning
set forth in ss.3(aa)(v) below.   "Closing" has the meaning set forth in
ss.2(c) below.   "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in ss.2(c)
below.   "COBRA" has the meaning set forth in ss.3(y)(vii) below.   "Code"
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.   "Concord" has the
meaning set forth in the preface above.   "Confidential Information" means
information Sellers have not disclosed to the public or to the trade with
respect to Sellers\' present or future business, operations, services,
products, research, inventions, discoveries, drawings, designs, plans,
processes, models, technical information, facilities, methods, trade secrets,
copyrights, software, source code, systems, patents, procedures, manuals,
specifications, any other Intellectual Property, confidential reports, price
lists, pricing formulas, customer lists, financial information (including the
revenues, costs, or profits associated with any of Seller\'s products
or services), business plans, lease structure, projections,
prospects, opportunities or strategies, acquisitions or mergers, advertising
or promotions, personnel matters, legal matters, any other confidential and
proprietary information, and any other information not generally known
outside Sellers that   3    may be of value to Sellers but excludes any
information already properly in the public domain. "Confidential Information"
also includes confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets that
third parties entrust to Sellers in confidence.   "Direct Stockholders" has
the meaning set forth in the preface above.   "Disclosure Schedule" has the
meaning set forth in ss.3 below.   "Dispute Notice" means a written notice
from the Representatives indicating disagreement with the Statement of Net
Working Capital and summarizing the items in dispute.   "Dividend
Adjustment" has the meaning set forth in ss.2(g) below.   "Employee Benefit
Plan" means any (a) nonqualified deferred compensation or retirement plan or
arrangement, registered retirement savings plan, registered pension plan or
supplemental pension or retirement plan, (b) qualified defined contribution
retirement plan or arrangement which is an Employee Pension Benefit Plan, (c)
qualified defined-benefit retirement plan or arrangement which is an Employee
Pension Benefit Plan (including any Multiemployer Plan), or (d) Employee
Welfare Benefit Plan or medical, dental, leave or fringe benefit or other
retirement, bonus, incentive or equity compensation plan or program.  
"Employee Pension Benefit Plan" has, in respect of any United States Employee
Benefit Plan, the meaning set forth in ERISA ss.3(2) and means, in respect of
any Canadian Employee Benefit Plan, any plan or program which provides for a
pension or retirement income, whether registered or unregistered, including
any registered pension plan, supplemental pension plan, deferred profit
sharing plan or registered retirement savings plan.   "Employee Welfare
Benefit Plan" has the meaning set forth in ERISA ss.3(l).   "Environmental,
Health, and Safety Requirements" shall mean all federal, state, provincial,
local and foreign statutes, regulations, ordinances, permits and other
provisions having the force or effect of law, all judicial and administrative
orders and determinations, all contractual obligations and all common law
obligations or requirements, concerning food manufacture and safety, public
health and safety, worker health and safety, pollution and the protection of
the environment and natural resources, including without limitation all
those relating to the presence, use, production, generation, handling,
transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, distribution, labeling,
testing, processing, discharge, release, threatened release, control, or
cleanup of any hazardous or toxic materials or substances, wastes, chemical
substances or mixtures, pesticides, pollutants, contaminants, toxic
chemicals, toxic mold or fungus, petroleum products or byproducts, asbestos,
polychlorinated biphenyls, urea formaldehyde, lead-based paint, noise or
radiation (collectively "Hazardous Substances"), each as amended and as now
or hereafter in effect, including any breakdown products or constituents
related to any of the above.   "Environmental Investigations" has the
meaning set forth in ss.5(i) below.   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   4     "ERISA Affiliate"
means each entity which is treated as a single employer with a Seller for
purposes of Code ss.414.   "Escrow Account" has the meaning set forth in the
Escrow Agreement.   "Escrow Agent" means Bank of America or such other bank
designated by Buyer and the Representatives.   "Escrow Agreement" has the
meaning set forth in ss.2(j) below.   "Excluded Assets" means (a) the
corporate charter, qualifications to conduct business as a foreign
corporation, arrangements with registered agents relating to foreign
qualifications, taxpayer and other identification numbers, seals, minute
books, stock transfer books, blank stock certificates, and other documents
relating to the organizations, maintenance, and existence of a Seller as a
corporation or a limited liability company, (b) all Cash and bank
accounts, (c) the Owned Real Property owned by Wax and located in Selma,
Alabama, (d) the membership interests of Wax, (e) personal items identified
by the Representatives to the Buyer prior to Closing, (f) any information
which is not permitted to be conveyed under Privacy Legislation, (g) Tax
deferrals and Tax refunds, (h) professional sports season tickets, (i)
financial, tax and other records of Sellers not pertaining exclusively or
primarily or directly related to the Business, (j) all prepayments, pre-paid
expenses and charges in respect of contracts not assumed by Buyer and (k) any
of the rights of Sellers under this Agreement.   "Excluded Liabilities"
means all Liabilities (other than the Assumed Liabilities), including (a) any
Liability of Sellers, Stockholders and their Affiliates and any other Person
for Taxes (as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise), (b) any
obligation of Sellers, Stockholders and their Affiliates to indemnify any
other Person by reason of the fact that such Person was a director, officer,
employee, or agent of any of Sellers or their Affiliates or was serving at
the request of Sellers or their Affiliates as a partner, trustee, director,
officer, employee, or agent of another entity (whether such indemnification
is for judgments, damages, penalties, fines, costs, amounts paid in
settlement, losses, expenses, or otherwise and whether such indemnification
is pursuant to statute, charter document, bylaw, agreement, or otherwise)
unless Buyer has expressly agreed otherwise in this Agreement, (c) all
Liabilities of Sellers, Stockholders and their Affiliates with respect
to environmental, health or safety matters, including those arising
under Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements in respect of the period
through Closing, (d) any Liability (including accrued interests and
prepayment penalties) under any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee
thereof, (e) all Liabilities of Sellers, Stockholder and their Affiliates
related to Business Employees or Employee Benefit Plans, except to the extent
that such liability is an Assumed Liability, (f) any Liability of Sellers,
Stockholders and their Affiliates, whether currently in existence or arising
hereafter, owed by Sellers to any of their Affiliates relating to any
intercompany account, any asset that is not an Acquired Asset, or with
respect to any current or former employee which is not an Assumed Liability,
(g) any Liability of Sellers, Stockholder and their Affiliates arising out of
any injury to individuals or property as a result of the ownership,
possession, or use of any product sold or delivered by the Business prior to
the Closing or the Excluded Assets, (h) the Liabilities of Sellers,
Stockholder and their Affiliates under any express and implied warranties
with respect to products manufactured by the Business prior to the Closing or
related to Excluded Assets, (i) any Liability of Sellers or  
5    Stockholders for income, transfer, sales, use, and other Taxes
arising in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, (j) all obligations of Sellers, Stockholders and their Affiliates in
respect of fees, costs, broker\'s commissions, and expenses arising out of or
in connection with this Agreement, or the transactions hereby contemplated,
(k) any Liability of Sellers, Stockholders and their Affiliates for any
misuse, misrepresentation, or infringement relating to the Intellectual
Property, (l) any Liability for orders, judgments, injunctions, awards,
decrees, proceedings, actions, suits, injuries, investigations or claims with
respect to the Business prior to the Closing or related to the Excluded
Assets (including the matters set forth in ss.3(u) of the Disclosure
Schedule) unless Buyer has expressly agreed to assume such Liability under
this Agreement, (m) any Liability of Sellers, Stockholders and their
Affiliates owed the selling parties under that certain Asset
Purchase Agreement dated June 26, 2003 in respect of the purchase of the
assets of the Philadelphia Chewing Gum Co., (n) any Liability of Sellers,
Stockholders and their Affiliates under this Agreement (or under any side
agreement between Sellers, Stockholders and their Affiliates on the one hand
and Buyer on the other hand entered into on or after the date of this
Agreement) and (o) any Liability of IMI prior to Closing.   "Financial
Information" has the meaning set forth in ss.3(i)(ii) below.   "Financial
Statements" has the meaning set forth in ss.3(i)(i) below.   "Fleer" means
Fleer Espanola, S.A., a corporation constituted under the laws of Spain.  
"Fleer Shares" means the 17,434 Series B shares of the share capital of Fleer
owned by IMI, as represented by share numbers 17,435 to
34,868 (inclusive).   "GAAP" means Canadian generally accepted accounting
principles in effect from time to time in respect of Concord and Terra Rouge,
United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time
to time in respect of Alpharetta and Spanish generally accepted accounting
principles in effect from time to time in respect of the Spanish
Subsidiaries.   "GST Legislation" means Part IX of the Excise Tax Act
(Canada).   "Hazardous Substances" has the meaning set forth in the
definition of Environmental, Health and Safety Requirements above.  
"HIPAA" has the meaning set forth in ss.3(y)(vii) below.   "Holding Company
Stockholders" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.   "HSR Act"
means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended.   "ICA" has the meaning set forth in ss.3(hh) below.   "IMI"
shall mean Impel Movieline Inc., a Delaware corporation.   "IMI Shares"
means all of the issued and outstanding shares of IMI.   6    
"Improvements" has the meaning set forth in ss.3(n)(iv) below.  
"Indemnified Party" has the meaning set forth in ss.8(d)(i) below.  
"Indemnifying Party" has the meaning set forth in ss.8(d)(i) below.  
"Independent Auditor" means a national public accounting firm with
no material relationship to any of the Parties or their respective
Affiliates chosen by agreement of the Parties, or if they are unable to
agree, shall mean a national firm with no such material relationship chosen
by lot.   "Intellectual Property" means (a) all trademark applications
and registrations, unregistered trademarks, trademark rights, trade names,
trade name rights, trade dress, logos, corporate names, together with
all translations, adaptations, derivations, and combinations thereof and
including all goodwill associated therewith; (b) all issued patents, patent
rights and patent applications; (c) all copyrightable works, copyright
registrations and applications, and unregistered copyrights; (d) all
software, computer programs, computer systems, modules and related data; (e)
all internet domain names and internet web-sites and the content thereof; (f)
all categories of confidential and proprietary information, including,
without limitation, trade secrets, ideas, research and development, know-how,
formulas, compositions, manufacturing and production processes and
techniques, technical data, designs, drawings, specifications, customer and
supplier lists and data, pricing and cost information, business and marketing
plans and proposals, inventions, invention disclosures (whether or not
patentable and whether or not reduced to practice), inventor rights, reports,
quality records, engineering notebooks, models, processes, procedures,
drawings, designs, ingredient or component lists, plans, proposals, financial
and marketing data, and all other confidential and proprietary rights
information and (g) all copies and tangible embodiments of the foregoing (in
whatever form or medium).   "Knowledge" means actual knowledge after
reasonable investigation.   "Leased Real Property" means all leasehold and
subleasehold estates, land, buildings, structures, improvements, fixtures or
other interests in real property held by Sellers.   "Leases" means all
leases, subleases, licenses, concessions and other agreements (written or
oral), including all amendments, extensions, renewals, guaranties and other
agreements with respect thereto, pursuant to which any of Sellers holds any
Leased Real Property, including the right to all security deposits and other
amounts and instruments deposited by or on behalf of any of Sellers
thereunder.   "Liability" means any liability (whether known or unknown,
whether asserted or unasserted, whether absolute or contingent, whether
accrued or unaccrued, whether liquidated or unliquidated and whether due or
to become due), including any liability for Taxes.   "Material Adverse
Change" and Material Adverse Effect" means any change, event or effect that,
individually or when taken together with all other changes, events and
effects that have occurred prior to the date of determination is or is
reasonably likely to be material and adverse to the operations, prospects,
assets, liabilities, business, financial condition or results of operations
of Sellers, taken as a whole.   7     "Most Recent Balance Sheet" means
the balance sheet contained within the Most Recent Financial Statements.  
"Most Recent Financial Statements" has the meaning set forth in
ss.3(i)(i) below.   "Most Recent Fiscal Month End" means June 30, 2004.  
"Most Recent Fiscal Year End" means December 31, 2003.   "Multiemployer
Plan" has the meaning set forth in ERISA ss.3(37) or applicable Canadian
pension legislation.   "Net Working Capital Value" shall mean only in
respect of Concord, Terra Rouge, Alpharetta and Wax, the amount equal to the
prepaid amounts (including deposits, but not deposits in respect of machinery
or other capital assets) in respect of contracts assumed by Buyer, inventory
and Accounts Receivable included in the Acquired Assets (net of reserves for
such items prepared in accordance with GAAP) less the Assumed Liabilities as
of the Closing Date calculated in accordance with GAAP, but excluding
contractual commitments for goods or equipment delivered and services
provided on or after the Closing date; provided (i) that such amount shall be
reduced further, if necessary, by the value of any raw materials, goods in
process and finished goods included in the Acquired Assets in excess of
quantities adequate and sufficient to operate the Business for a period of
four (4) months in the Ordinary Course of Business (for each SKU in respect
of goods in process and finished goods) and by the value of any packaging
included in the Acquired Assets in excess of quantities adequate and
sufficient to operate the Business for a period of twelve (12) months in
the Ordinary Course of Business for each SKU, and (ii) such amount shall be
reduced by any bad debts, including subsequent bankruptcies, and subsequent
customer deductions, including unsaleables, fines and penalties, markdowns,
price adjustments and rebates occurring within one hundred twenty (120) days
of the Closing Date to the extent that such amounts have not already been
included in the calculation of Accounts Receivable. For greater certainty,
the Real Property Adjustments shall not be included in connection
herewith.   "Ordinary Course of Business" means the ordinary course of
business consistent with past custom and practice (including with respect to
quantity and frequency) of Sellers.   "Owned Real Property" means all land,
together with all buildings, structures, improvements and fixtures located
thereon, including all electrical, mechanical, plumbing and other building
systems, fire protection, security and surveillance systems,
telecommunications, computer, wiring and cable installations, utility
installations, water distribution systems, and landscaping, together with all
easements and other rights and interests appurtenant thereto owned by
Sellers.   "Party(ies)" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.  
"Permitted Encumbrances" means with respect to each parcel of Real Property:
(a) real estate Taxes, assessments and other governmental levies, fees or
charges imposed with respect to such Real Property which are not due
and payable as of the Closing Date; (b) zoning, building codes and other land
use laws regulating the use or occupancy of such Real Property of the
activities   8    conducted thereon which are imposed by any
governmental authority having jurisdiction over such Real Property which are
not violated by the current use or occupancy of such Real Property, or the
operation of the Business as currently conducted thereon; (c) easements,
restrictions and covenants registered against title to such Real Property,
provided that such are complied with and do not and would not impair the use
or occupancy of such Real Property in the operation of the Business as
currently conducted thereon, (d) any registered municipal agreements and
registered agreements with publicly regulated utilities provided such have
been complied with, or security has been posted to ensure compliance and
completion and (e) Instrument No. YR266116 being a Notice of Lease registered
February 10, 2003 between Terra Rouge Estates Inc. and Canadian Tire
Corporation Limited.   "Person" means an individual, a partnership, a
corporation, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture,
an unincorporated organization, or a governmental entity (or any department,
agency, or political subdivision thereof).   "Personal Information" has the
meaning set forth in the Privacy Act.   "Privacy Act" means the Personal
Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada) as it may be
amended or supplemented from time to time, and any successor legislation
thereto.   "Privacy Legislation" means all laws, regulations, bylaws and
ordinances that regulate the collection, use or disclosure of Personal
Information or information about entities other than identifiable individuals
in each jurisdiction in which a Seller carries on the Business, and includes
any guidelines or directives of any governmental agency or regulatory
authority to which a Seller adhere in order to qualify to carry on the
Business in, or in connection with, any jurisdiction.   "Purchase Price"
has the meaning set forth in ss.2(b) below.   "Real Property" has the
meaning set forth in ss.3(n)(iii) below.   "Real Property Adjustments" has
the meaning set forth in ss.2(f) below.   "Real Property Laws" has the
meaning set forth in ss.3(n)(vi) below.   "Representatives" has the meaning
set forth in ss.2(j) below.   "SEC" has the meaning set forth in ss.5(j)
below.   "Security Interest" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance,
charge, or other security interest, other than mechanic\'s, materialmen\'s,
and workmen\'s liens.   "Sellers" has the meaning set forth in the preface
above.   "Sellers Accrued Vacation" has the meaning set forth in
ss.6(b)(iii) below.   "Shares" means collectively the Fleer Shares and the
Torrents Shares.   9     "Significant Customers" has the meaning set
forth in ss.3(ee) below.   "Significant Vendors" has the meaning set forth
in ss.3(ee) below.   "Spanish Subsidiaries" means Fleer and Torrents.  
"Statement of Net Working Capital" has the meaning set forth in
ss.2(h) below.   "Stockholders" has the meaning set forth in the preface
above.   "Surveys" has the meaning set forth in ss.5(g)(iii) below.  
"SWDA" has the meaning set forth in ss.3(aa)(v) below.   "Tax" means any
federal (US or Canadian), state, provincial, local, or foreign income, gross
receipts, license, payroll, employment excise, severance, stamp, occupation,
premium, windfall profits, environmental (including taxes under Code ss.59A),
customs duties, capital stock, franchise, profits, withholding, social
security (or similar), unemployment, disability, real property, personal
property, sales, use, transfer, registration, value added, alternative or
add-on minimum, estimated, or other tax of any kind whatsoever, including any
interest, penalty, or addition thereto, whether disputed or not.   "Tax
Return" means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund,
or information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule
or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.   "Terra Rouge"
has the meaning set forth in the preface above.   "Territory" has the
meaning set forth in ss.6(d)(i) below.   "Third Party Claim" has the meaning
set forth in ss.8(d)(i) below.   "Thompson Severance Payment" has the
meaning set forth in ss.6(b)(viii) below.   "Title Commitment" has the
meaning set forth in ss.5(g)(i) below.   "Title Company" has the meaning set
forth in ss.5(g)(i) below.   "Title Policy" has the meaning set forth in
ss.5(g)(ii) below.   "Torrents" means Dr. Torrents, S.A., a corporation
constituted under the laws of Spain.   "Torrents Shares" means the 500
Series B shares of the share capital of Torrents owned by IMI, as represented
by share numbers 501 to 1000 (inclusive).   "Transferred Employees" means
those employees of Sellers listed on ss.5(h) of the Disclosure Schedule who
accept Buyer\'s offer of employment.   "Trust Stockholders" has the meaning
set forth in the preface above.   10     "Wax" has the meaning set forth
in the preface above.   2. Purchase and Sale of Assets.   (a) Purchase and
Sale; Assumption of Liabilities. At the Closing, on and subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, Buyer agrees to purchase, and Sellers agree
to sell to Buyer, the Acquired Assets and Buyer agrees to assume, pay or
discharge all of the Assumed Liabilities. The Buyer will not assume or have
any responsibility with respect to any other Liability of Sellers, IMI,
Stockholders or their Affiliates.   (b) Purchase Price. The Buyer agrees to
pay Sellers at Closing US $217,210,500 subject to adjustment as set forth
below (the "Purchase Price"). The Purchase Price is payable by Buyer as
follows:   (i) US $197,210,500 in immediately available funds shall be paid
to  Sellers in accordance with instructions provided by the Representatives
to  Buyer no fewer than two (2) business days prior to Closing;   (ii) US
$20,000,000 in immediately available funds shall be deposited  with the
Escrow Agent to be held and dispersed in accordance with the  Escrow
Agreement.   (c) The Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place at the offices of
McDermott Will and Emery LLP at 227 West Monroe Street, Chicago, Illinois,
commencing at 9:00 a.m. local time as soon as practicable following the
satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the obligations of the Parties to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (other than conditions with
respect to actions the respective Parties will take at the Closing itself) or
such other date as Buyer and Sellers may mutually determine (the "Closing
Date"). The Closing shall be effective as of 12:01 a.m. on the Closing
Date.   (d) Deliveries at the Closing. At the Closing, (i) Sellers will
deliver to Buyer the various certificates, instruments, and documents
referred to in ss.7(a) below, (ii) Buyer will deliver to Sellers the various
certificates, instruments, and documents referred to in ss.7(b) below, (iii)
Sellers will execute and deliver to Buyer assignments with respect to the
Acquired Assets and such other instruments of sale, transfer, conveyance, and
assignment as Buyer and its counsel reasonably may request, (iv) Concord will
deliver to Buyer stock certificates representing the IMI Shares, endorsed in
blank and accompanied by duly executed stock powers or other such assignment
documents or other evidence demonstrating conveyance of the IMI Shares to
Buyer, (v) Buyer will execute and deliver to Sellers an assumption with
respect to the Assumed Liabilities and such other instruments of assumption
as Sellers and their counsel reasonably may request, and (iv) Buyer will
deliver to Sellers the Purchase Price specified in ss.2(b) above.   (e)
Allocation. The Parties agree to allocate the Purchase Price among
the Acquired Assets for all purposes (including financial accounting and
tax purposes) in accordance with the allocation schedule attached hereto as
Exhibit A and to file all Tax Returns consistent with such allocation).  
11     (f) Real Property Adjustments. The Purchase Price will be adjusted
at Closing by apportioning as between the Buyer on the one hand and Sellers
on the other hand as of the Closing Date all adjustments which are
customarily made in transactions of purchase and sale of commercial real
property including, all rents, profits, and other income (including prepaid
rent and other amounts, if any, prepaid by tenants, in the nature of accounts
of tenants for real property taxes, utilities and operating costs) and all
real property taxes, service contracts, local improvement rates, utilities
and other outgoings; with the result and effect that all costs relating to
the Owned Real Property included in the Acquired Assets and all rents and
other income and profits therefrom together with all other amounts recovered
from tenants including, without limitation, recoveries for taxes, maintenance
expenses, common area costs, for or in respect of periods up to but not
including the Closing Date, will be to or for the account of Sellers, and for
the account of the Buyer thereafter (the "Real Property Adjustments").
Sellers will prepare a written draft statement of the Real Property
Adjustments to the Purchase Price hereunder and submit it to the Buyer at
least five (5) business days before the Closing Date. Sellers and Buyer agree
to readjust and recalculate the Real Property Adjustments made on Closing, if
necessary, and in accordance with ss.2(h)(v) below. Arrears of rents and
local improvement rates will be the responsibility of Sellers and will not be
adjusted.   (g) Dividend Adjustment. The Purchase Price will be reduced by
any dividends or distributions made by the Spanish Subsidiaries to Sellers on
or after June 30, 2004 (the "Dividend Adjustment"), which adjustment will be
made at Closing and further adjusted, if necessary, in accordance with
ss.2(h)(v), below.   (h) Purchase Price Adjustments.   (i) Within one
hundred twenty (120) days after the Closing Date, Buyer  shall deliver to the
Representatives a statement of Net Working Capital  Value prepared in the
same manner as a year end audited balance sheet would  be prepared
("Statement of Net Working Capital"). The United States  dollar/Canadian
dollar exchange rate used in the preparation of the  Statement of Net Working
Capital shall be the average United States  dollar/Canadian dollar exchange
rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal  on the Closing Date and for the
four preceding business days. In connection  therewith, from and after
Closing, Buyer shall provide the Representatives  with reasonable access to
all records and work papers necessary to compute  and verify the Statement of
Net Working Capital. The Statement of Net  Working Capital as delivered to
the Representatives shall be final and  binding on the Parties for purposes
of determining the Net Working Capital  Value unless, within thirty (30) days
after delivery to the  Representatives, the Representatives deliver to Buyer
a Dispute Notice.  After delivery of a Dispute Notice, the Representatives
and Buyer shall  promptly negotiate in good faith with respect to the subject
of the Dispute  Notice, and if they are unable to reach an agreement within
ten (10)  business days after delivery to Buyer of the Dispute Notice, the
dispute  shall be submitted to the Independent Auditor. The Independent
Auditor  shall be directed to issue a final and binding decision within
thirty (30)  days of submission of the Dispute Notice, as to the issues of
disagreement  referred to in the Dispute Notice and not resolved by the Buyer
and the  Representatives. The Statement of Net Working Capital and the
resulting  calculation of the Net Working Capital Value, as so adjusted by
agreement   12     or by the Independent Auditor (if required), shall be
final and binding on  the Parties.   (ii) The fees and expenses of the
Independent Auditor retained as a  result of any dispute related to any
statement shall be allocated equally  between Buyer on the one hand and
Sellers and Stockholders (excluding the  Trust Stockholders), as a group, on
the other hand. The full force and  effect of the representations and
warranties shall in no way be diminished  by the adjustment to the Purchase
Price pursuant to the Statement of Net  Working Capital.   (iii) To the
extent the Net Working Capital Value is less than CDN  $19,300,000, an amount
equal to the deficiency shall be transferred from  the Escrow Account to the
Buyer within five (5) business days after the  final determination of the
Statement of Net Working Capital and the  resulting calculation of the Net
Working Capital Value.   (iv) To the extent the Net Working Capital Value is
greater than CDN  $21,300,000, an amount equal to the excess shall be paid by
Buyer in  immediately available funds to Sellers as directed by and to an
account(s)  designated by the Representatives within five (5) business days
after the  final determination of the Statement of Net Working Capital and
the  resulting calculation of the Net Working Capital Value.   (v) The
Statement of Net Working Capital shall also include a  recalculation of the
Real Property Adjustments and the Dividend Adjustment.  Any dispute as to the
recalculation of the Real Property Adjustment or the  Dividend Adjustment and
the timing of payments due the Buyer or Sellers  resulting therefrom shall be
treated in the same manner as determination  and payment of the Net Working
Capital Value set forth above in this  ss.2(h).   (i) Nonassignable
Contracts.   (i) To the extent that the assignment by Sellers of any sales
order,  purchase order, lease or other contract included in the Assumed
Liabilities  or Acquired Assets is not permitted without (A) the consent of
the other  party to the contract, (B) the approval of Buyer as a source of
the  products or services called for by such contract or (C) the approval
of  Buyer as a lessee, then this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute
an  assignment or an attempted assignment of the same, if such assignment
or  attempted assignment would constitute a breach thereof. However, unless 
otherwise agreed as to any particular contract or order (or class thereof), 
Sellers and Stockholders (excluding the Trust Stockholders) shall use their 
best efforts to obtain any and all such consents, approvals and novations 
before and after Closing.   (ii) If any necessary consent, approval or
novation is not obtained,  Sellers and Stockholders shall cooperate with
Buyer in any reasonable  arrangement designed to provide Buyer with all of
the benefits under such  contract, lease or order as if such consent,
approval or novation had been  obtained, including subleases from Sellers
and, undertakings by Buyer of   13     the work necessary to complete
contracts as the agent of Sellers, including  Buyer performing in the name of
Sellers all obligations and benefits  thereunder for the benefit and account
of Buyer, and with the understanding  that Sellers shall then invoice the
customer for services rendered and  promptly remit the amount of the
receivable to Buyer. Nothing herein shall  excuse Sellers and Stockholders
(excluding the Trust Stockholders) from  responsibility for any of their
representations and warranties or covenants  hereunder.   (j) Appointment
of Representatives. Each Stockholder hereby appoints a committee consisting
of Howard Smuschkowitz, Serge Nusbaum, and Bruce Weiner (the
"Representatives") the attorney-in-fact of such Stockholder, with full power
and authority, including power of substitution, acting in the name of and for
and on behalf of such Stockholder to (i) give and receive notices
and communications made pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) to amend or waive
any provision to this Agreement, (iii) to execute a consent pursuant to
the corporate and limited liability company statutes in respect of Sellers
and any Stockholder that is an entity in connection with any such amendment
or waiver as proxy for such Stockholders, (iv) to terminate this Agreement,
(v) to execute and deliver the Escrow Agreement in the form attached as
Exhibit B (the "Escrow Agreement") with such changes as the Representatives
deem necessary or appropriate and shall have all of the rights and shall
perform all of the obligations of the Representatives as set forth in the
Escrow Agreement, (vi) to pursue, defend, and settle on behalf of all
Stockholders any indemnification claims after the Closing, or (vii) to do all
other things and to take all other action under or related to this Agreement
which, in its discretion, it may consider necessary or proper to effectuate
the acquisition of the Acquired Assets as contemplated under the Agreement
and to resolve any dispute with Buyer over any aspect of this Agreement or
any other agreement entered into by the Parties pursuant to this Agreement,
and on behalf of such Stockholder, to enter into any agreement to effectuate
any of the foregoing, which shall have the effect of binding such Stockholder
as if such Stockholder had personally entered into such an agreement;
provided, however, that all actions taken or decisions made by the
Representatives on behalf of Stockholders shall be taken or made in a manner
which is ratably and equitably amongst all Stockholders. The Representatives
shall act by a majority vote of the members of the committee. This
appointment and power of attorney shall be deemed as coupled with an interest
and all authority conferred hereby shall be irrevocable and shall not be
subject to termination by operation of law, whether by the death
or incapacity or liquidation or dissolution of any Stockholder or the
occurrence of any other event or events and the Representatives may not
terminate this power of attorney with respect to any Stockholder or such
Stockholder\'s successors or assigns without the consent of Buyer. Each
Stockholder agrees to hold the Representatives harmless from any and all
loss, damage or Liability and expenses (including legal fees) which such
Stockholder may sustain as a result of any action taken in good faith by the
Representatives. No bond shall be required of the Representatives, and the
Representatives shall receive no compensation for his or her services. Upon
the death, disability or resignation of Howard Smuschkowitz, his successor
shall be David Smuschkowitz; upon the death, disability or resignation of
Serge Nusbaum, his successor shall be Diane Nusbaum; and upon the death,
disability or resignation of Bruce Weiner, his successor shall be L. Jeanine
Weiner.   (k) Stockholder Consent. Each Stockholder hereby consents to and
approves the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the sale of the
Acquired Assets in accordance with the applicable corporate and limited
liability company statutes that govern Sellers and Stockholders that are
entities. Notwithstanding   14    anything contained in this Agreement,
the Trust Stockholders have executed and delivered this Agreement only for
the purposes of (i) providing their consent and approval as provided in this
ss.2(k) and (ii) providing certain indemnification as set out in ss.8 hereof.
For greater certainty, the trustees of the Trust Stockholders shall have no
personal liability in their capacity as trustees.   (l) Uncollected
Accounts Receivable. In the event that in connection with determination of
the Net Working Capital Value Buyer has written-off (excluding any write-off
for customer and similar deductions as set out in ss.3(q) hereof) an Account
Receivable by reason of uncollectibility then, upon written request from
Sellers, Buyer agrees to re-assign and convey to Sellers such
Account Receivable.   (m) Mortgages. The Owned Real Property is subject to
charges/mortgages which are not to be assumed by the Buyer on completion. If
discharge(s) are not available in registrable form on Closing, the Buyer
agrees to accept Sellers\' lawyer\'s personal undertaking to obtain, out of
the funds payable on Closing, a discharge of each mortgage in registrable
form and to register same on title within 60 days after Closing, provided
that on or before Closing Sellers shall provide to Buyer a mortgage statement
prepared by each mortgagee setting out the balance required to obtain the
discharge, together with a direction executed by Sellers directing payment to
each such mortgagee of the amount required to obtain the relevant discharge
out of the balance due on Closing.   3. Representations and Warranties of
Sellers and Stockholders. Each Seller and Stockholder, jointly and severally,
represents and warrants to Buyer that the statements contained in this ss.3
are correct and complete as of the date of this Agreement and will be correct
and complete as of the Closing Date (as though made then and as though the
Closing Date were substituted for the date of this Agreement throughout this
ss.3), except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule attached hereto as
Exhibit C (the "Disclosure Schedule").   (a) Organization, Qualification,
and Corporate Power. Each Seller, IMI and Stockholder that is an entity is a
corporation or limited liability company duly organized, validly existing,
and in good standing (in respect of any entities organized under the laws of
the United States) under the laws of the jurisdictions of its organization.
Each Seller and IMI is duly authorized and qualified to conduct business and
is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where such
qualification is required. Except as otherwise specifically set out in this
Agreement, each Seller and IMI has full corporate power and authority and all
licenses, permits, and authorizations necessary to operate and carry on the
businesses in which it is engaged and to own and use the properties owned and
used by it.   (b) Authorization of Transaction. Each Seller and Stockholder
has full power and authority (including full corporate power and authority,
as applicable) to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by
each Seller and Stockholder that is an entity and has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by each Seller and each Stockholder. This Agreement
constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of each Seller and
Stockholder, enforceable in accordance with its terms and conditions except
as may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency and other laws of general
application, and (b) general equitable principles. Except as set out in this
Agreement, no Seller or   15    Stockholder need give any notice to,
make any filing with, or obtain any authorization, consent, or approval of
any government, governmental agency or court, or any other Person in order to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c)
Noncontravention. Except as set forth in ss.3(c) of the Disclosure Schedule,
neither the execution and the delivery of this Agreement, nor
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, will (i) violate
any law, constitution, statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment,
order, decree, ruling, charge, or other restriction of any government,
governmental agency or court to which a Seller or Stockholder or IMI is
subject or any provision of the charter or bylaws of such Seller or
Stockholder which is an entity or IMI, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach
of, constitute a default under, result in the acceleration of, create in any
Person the right to accelerate, terminate, modify, or cancel, or require any
notice under any agreement, contract, note, bond, mortgage, lease, license,
instrument, or other arrangement or instrument to which a Seller or
Stockholder or IMI is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its
assets is subject and which is required to be disclosed in ss.ss.3(n), 3(o),
and 3(s), (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Security Interest
on the Acquired Assets, (iv) result in termination or any impairment of or
result in the imposition of any material restriction or expense on the
Business or any of the Acquired Assets under, any permit, license, franchise,
certificate, consent, authorizations or approvals issued to Sellers or IMI,
or (v) constitute an event which, after notice or lapse of time or
both, would result in any conflict, breach, violation, default, requirement,
loss, creation or imposition of any Security Interest, termination or
impairment or similar event described in (i) through (iii).   (d) Brokers\'
Fees. No Seller or Stockholder or Affiliate thereof has any Liability or
obligation to pay any fees or commissions to any broker, finder, or agent
with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement for
which Buyer could become liable or obligated.   (e) Ownership of Sellers.
The entire authorized capital stock of each of the Sellers and each Direct
Stockholder that is an entity is set forth in ss.3(e) of the Disclosure
Schedule. The Persons that hold of record or beneficially own the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of each Seller and Direct Stockholder
that is an entity, together with the number of shares so held or owned, are
set forth in ss.3(e) of the Disclosure Schedule.   (f) IMI and Spanish
Subsidiaries. The entire authorized capital stock of IMI is set forth on
ss.3(f) of the Disclosure Schedule. All of the issued and outstanding capital
stock of IMI has been duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, and have been issued in compliance with applicable securities
laws. The IMI Shares are held of record by Concord and at Closing will be
free and clear of all Security Interests. Other than the Shares, IMI holds,
owns or has no other interest in any other assets and has no
liabilities other than arising through the ownership of the Shares. IMI has
not conducted any business over the past five (5) years other than the
holding of the Shares. The Shares represent and constitute a fifty percent
(50%) ownership interest in each of the Spanish Subsidiaries. The Shares have
been duly authorized, are validly issued, fully paid-in, and the Shares are
held of record by IMI free and clear of all Security Interests (or will be
free and clear of all Security Interests at Closing). The Shares are subject
to those restrictions set out in the Spanish corporate law ("Ley de
Sociedadas Anominas") and as set out in the By-laws of the Spanish
Subsidiaries. The transfer of the IMI Shares will not be subject to the
consent or right of first refusal of any shareholder of the Spanish
Subsidiaries. There are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants,  
16    purchase rights, subscription rights, conversion rights, exchange
rights, or other contracts or commitments of any character, whether written
or oral, that would require IMI or the Spanish Subsidiaries to issue, sell,
redeem, acquire or otherwise cause to become issued any additional capital
stock or shares, respectively. There are no outstanding or authorized stock
appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation, or similar rights or
obligations to pay any dividend or make any distribution on the issued shares
of IMI or the Spanish Subsidiaries. ss.3(f) of the Disclosure Schedule sets
forth any and all dividends or distributions made on the Shares since January
1, 2001. There are no voting trusts, proxies, or other agreements or
understandings with respect to the voting of the capital stock of IMI or the
Shares. To the Knowledge of Stockholders and Sellers, there are no
obligations of or for any Seller to make or contribute additional capital or
assets to the Spanish Subsidiaries or any outstanding capital call with
respect to the Shares. To the Knowledge of Stockholders and Sellers, neither
the execution and the delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, will (i) violate any law of any government,
government agency or court to which the Spanish Subsidiaries is subject or
any provision of the bylaws of the Spanish Subsidiaries or (ii) conflict
with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in the
acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate,
modify, or cancel, or require any notice under any agreement, contract,
lease, license, instrument, or other arrangement to which the Spanish
Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its assets
is subject (or result in the imposition of any Security Interest upon any of
its assets). To the Knowledge of Stockholders and Sellers, none of
the Spanish Subsidiaries needs to give any notice to, make any filing with,
or obtain any authorization, consent, or approval of any government,
government agency or court or any other Person in order for the Parties to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (g) Title to
Assets. Each Seller has good and marketable beneficial title to, or a valid
leasehold interest in, the properties and assets (including IMI Shares) used
by them, located on their premises, or shown on the Most Recent Balance Sheet
or acquired after the date thereof, which at Closing will be free and clear
of all Security Interests, except for Permitted Encumbrances and properties
and assets disposed of in the Ordinary Course of Business since the date of
the Most Recent Balance Sheet or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for Permitted
Encumbrances Sellers have good and marketable title to all of the Acquired
Assets, which at Closing will be free and clear of any Security Interest or
restriction on transfer. Except for the Excluded Assets, the Acquired Assets
are all of the assets used to operate the Business as presently being
conducted.   (h) Subsidiaries. Other than a Seller, IMI or a Spanish
Subsidiary, none of the Sellers has any subsidiaries, nor do they own or
control, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of any other
corporation or any interest in any partnership, joint venture or other non-
corporate business enterprise.   (i) Financial Statements.   (i) Attached
as ss.3(i)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule are the  following financial
statements (collectively the "Financial Statements"):  (i) audited financial
statements as of and for the fiscal years ended  December 31, 2001, December
31, 2002 and December 31, 2003 for each of  Concord (and its consolidated
subsidiaries), Torrents and Fleer, (ii)   17     unaudited financial
statements as of and for the fiscal years ended  December 31, 2001, December
31, 2002 and December 31, 2003 for Terra Rouge,  (iii) unaudited balance
sheets and income statements as of and for the  fiscal years ended December
31, 2001, December 31, 2002 and December 31,  2003 for Alpharetta, (iv)
unaudited balance sheets and statements of income  as of and for the six
months ended June 30, 2004 for each of Concord (and  its consolidated
subsidiaries), Terra Rouge and Alpharetta and (v)  unaudited balance sheets
and statements of income as of and for the five  months ended May 31, 2004
for each of Torrents and Fleer (collectively, the  "Most Recent Financial
Statements"). Except as set forth on ss.3(i)(i) of  the Disclosure Schedule,
the Financial Statements (including the notes  thereto) have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent  basis throughout the periods
covered thereby, present fairly in all  material respects the financial
condition of each Seller and its  subsidiaries as of such dates and the
results of operations of each Seller  and its subsidiaries for such periods
are correct and complete, and are  consistent with the books and records of
Sellers (which books and records  are correct and complete).   (ii)
Attached as ss.3(i)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedule is certain  additional
financial information (the "Financial Information"). The  Financial
Information presents fairly in all respects the financial results  and
information included therein and is correct and complete, and are  consistent
with the books and records of Sellers (which books and records  are correct
and complete) and recorded as expenses in the Financial  Statements in the
applicable years.   (j) Events Subsequent to Most Recent Fiscal Year End.
Except as set forth in ss.3(j) of the Disclosure Schedule, since December 31,
2003, each Seller has operated its Business in the Ordinary Course of
Business and there has not been a Material Adverse Change with respect to the
Business. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to
the Business, since December 31, 2003:   (i) no Seller has sold, leased,
transferred, or assigned (or entered  into any agreement to do the foregoing)
any of its assets or property,  tangible or intangible, other than for a fair
consideration in the Ordinary  Course of Business;   (ii) no Seller has
entered into any agreement, contract, lease, or  license (or series of
related agreements, contracts, leases, and licenses)  involving more than US
$50,000, which has not otherwise been fully  satisfied or terminated;  
(iii) no Seller has accelerated, terminated, modified, or cancelled  any
agreement, contract, lease, or license (or series of related  agreements,
contracts, leases, and licenses) involving more than US $50,000  to which any
Seller is a party or by which it is bound, which has not  otherwise been
fully satisfied or terminated;   (iv) no Seller has imposed any Security
Interest upon any of its  assets, tangible or intangible, property, personal
or real;   18     (v) no Seller has made any capital expenditure (or
series of related  capital expenditures) involving more than US $50,000;  
(vi) no Seller has made any capital investment in, any loan to, or any 
acquisition of the securities, property or assets of, any other Person (or 
series of related capital investments, loans, and acquisitions) involving 
more than US $50,000;   (vii) no Seller has issued any note, bond, or other
debt security or  created, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed any indebtedness
for borrowed  money or capitalized lease obligation;   (viii) no Seller has
delayed or postponed the payment of accounts  payable and other Liabilities
or accelerated the payment of receivables;   (ix) no Seller has cancelled,
compromised, waived, or released any  right or claim (or series of related
rights and claims) involving more than  US $50,000;   (x) no Seller has
granted any license or sublicense of any rights  under or with respect to any
Intellectual Property;   (xi) there has been no change made or authorized in
the charter or  bylaws of a Seller;   (xii) the Sellers have not
experienced damage, destruction, or loss  (whether or not covered by
insurance) to its real or personal property in  an aggregate amount greater
than US $10,000;   (xiii) no Seller has made any loan to, or entered into
any other  transaction with, any of its directors, officers, and
employees;   (xiv) no Seller has entered into any employment contract
which  provides for base compensation in excess of US $50,000 or collective 
bargaining agreement, written or oral, or modified the terms of any  existing
such contract or agreement;   (xv) no Seller has granted any increase in
excess of five percent (5%)  in the compensation, bonus, sales commissions or
fee arrangements payable  to any of its directors, officers, employees,
consultants or agents;   (xvi) no Seller has adopted, amended, modified, or
terminated any  bonus, profit-sharing, incentive, equity compensation,
severance, or other  plan, contract, or commitment for the benefit of any of
its directors,  officers, and employees or made any commitment to do so (or
taken any such  action with respect to any other Employee Benefit Plan);  
(xvii) no Seller has made any other change in employment terms for any  of
its directors, officers, and employees who receive base compensation in 
excess of US $50,000;   19     (xviii) there has been no change in
accounting or tax accounting  methods or practices (including any change in
depreciation or amortization  or capitalization rates or policies) by a
Seller or the revaluation of any  assets;   (xix) to the Knowledge of
Sellers and Stockholders, there has been no  commencement of or notice to or
the threat of commencement of any lawsuit  or proceeding against or
investigation of a Seller; and   (xx) no Seller or any officer, director,
employee or agent thereof has  negotiated agreed or committed to do any of
the foregoing which would bind  any of the Parties.   (k) Undisclosed
Liabilities. No Seller or IMI has any Liability except for (i) Liabilities
reflected in the Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) in
accordance with GAAP, (ii) Liabilities which have arisen after the Most
Recent Fiscal Month End in the Ordinary Course of Business (none of
which results from, arises out of, relates to, is in the nature of, or was
caused by any breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement, or
violation of law) and (iii) Liabilities under this Agreement disclosed or
permitted in this Agreement or incurred in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby.   (l) Legal Compliance. Each Seller and their
respective predecessors and Affiliates has complied, and is in compliance, in
all material respects with all applicable Laws (including rules, regulations,
codes, plans, injunctions, judgments, orders, decrees, rulings, and charges
thereunder) of federal, provincial, state, local and foreign governments, and
no action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint,
claim, demand, or notice has, to the Knowledge of Sellers or Stockholders,
been threatened, filed or commenced against it alleging any failure so to
comply (which is outstanding or has not been fully satisfied).   (m) Tax
Matters.   (i) Each Seller and IMI has filed all Tax Returns that it was
required  to file. All such Tax Returns were correct and complete in all
material  respects. All Taxes owed by any of Sellers and IMI (whether or not
shown on  any Tax Return) have been paid. None of Sellers or IMI currently is
the  beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any Tax
Return.  No claim has ever been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where
any of  Sellers or IMI does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject
to  taxation by that jurisdiction. There are no Security Interests on any
of  the assets of any of Sellers or IMI that arose in connection with any 
failure (or alleged failure) to pay any Tax.   (ii) Each Seller and IMI has
withheld and paid all Taxes required to  have been withheld and paid in
connection with amounts paid or owing to any  employee, independent
contractor, creditor, stockholder, or other third  party.   (iii) No
Stockholder or director or officer (or employee responsible  for Tax matters)
of any of Sellers or IMI is aware of any authority  assessing or proposing to
assess any additional Taxes for any period for  which Tax Returns have been
filed. There is no dispute or claim concerning  any Tax Liability of any of
Sellers or IMI either (A) claimed or raised by   20     any authority in
writing or (B) as to which any of the Stockholders and the  directors and
officers (and employees responsible for Tax matters) of  Sellers or IMI has
Knowledge based upon personal contact with any agent of  such authority.  
(iv) Sellers have delivered to Buyer copies of all federal, state,  local,
and foreign income Tax Returns filed with respect to IMI for taxable  periods
ended on or after December 31, 2000. ss.3(m)(iv) of the Disclosure  Schedule
lists all Tax Returns of IMI for taxable periods ended on or after  December
31, 2000 that have been audited or that currently are the subject  of audit.
Sellers have delivered to Buyer correct and complete copies of  all
examination reports, and statements of deficiencies assessed against,  or
agreed to by IMI since December 31, 2000. IMI has not waived any statute  of
limitations in respect of Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with 
respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency.   (v) The unpaid Taxes of IMI (A)
did not, as of the Most Recent Fiscal  Month End, exceed the reserve for Tax
Liability (rather than any reserve  for deferred Taxes established to reflect
timing differences between book  and Tax income) set forth on the face of the
Most Recent Balance Sheet  (rather than in any notes thereto) and (B) do not
exceed that reserve as  adjusted for the passage of time through the Closing
Date in accordance  with the past custom and practice of IMI in filing its
Tax Returns.   (vi) IMI is not a "United States real property holding
corporation"  within the meaning of Code ss.897(c)(2).   (vii) IMI will not
be required, as a result of (A) a change in  accounting method for a taxable
period beginning on or before the Closing  Date, to include any adjustment
under Code ss.481(c) (or any similar  provision of state, local or foreign
law) in taxable income for any taxable  period beginning on or after the
Closing Date, or (B) any "closing  agreement" as described in Code ss.7121
(or any similar provision of state,  local or foreign law), to include any
item of income in or exclude any item  of deduction from any taxable period
beginning on or after the Closing  Date.   (viii) IMI is not a party to any
Tax allocation or sharing agreement.  Except as set forth in ss.3(m) of the
Disclosure Schedule, since its  acquisition by Concord in 1998 IMI has never
(A) been a member of an  Affiliated Group filing a consolidated federal
income Tax Return or (B) had  any Liability for the Taxes of any Person under
Reg. ss.1.1502-6 (or any  similar provision of state, local, or foreign law),
as a transferee or  successor, by contract, or otherwise.   (ix) Sellers
which are organized or operating in Canada are registered  for purposes of
the GST Legislation.   (x) With respect to each Acquired Asset, either the
particular  Acquired Asset is owned and being sold under this Agreement by a
person who  is not a non-resident of Canada for purposes of the Income Tax
Act (Canada)  or is not Canadian Property of a Seller who is a non-resident
of Canada for  purposes of that Act.   21     (n) Real Property.  
(i) ss.3(n)(i) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth the address and  legal
description of the Owned Real Property. With respect to the Owned  Real
Property:   (1) A Seller has good and marketable beneficial fee simple
title,  free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, except Permitted 
Encumbrances;   (2) Except as set forth in ss.3(n)(i) of the Disclosure
Schedule, no  Seller has leased or otherwise granted to any Person the right
to  use or occupy such Owned Real Property or any portion thereof;  and  
There are no outstanding contracts, options, rights of first offer or  rights
of first refusal or other rights to purchase such Owned Real  Property or any
portion thereof or interest therein.   (ii) ss.3(n)(ii) of the Disclosure
Schedule sets forth the address of  the Leased Real Property, and a true and
complete list of all Leases for  each such Leased Real Property (including
the date and name of the parties  to the lease document). Each Seller has
delivered to Buyer a true and  complete copy of the Leases (including any
amendments, addendums, or other  modifications thereto). Except as set forth
in ss.3(n)(ii) of the  Disclosure Schedule, with respect to each Lease:  
(1) The Lease is legal, valid, binding, enforceable and in full force  and
effect;   (2) The transaction contemplated by this Agreement does not
require  the consent of any other party to the Lease, will not result in a 
breach of or default under the Lease, and will not otherwise  cause the Lease
to cease to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable  and in full force and
effect on identical terms following the  Closing;   (3) The Seller\'s
possession and quiet enjoyment of the Leased Real  Property under the Lease
has not been disturbed, and Sellers do  not have, and to the Knowledge of
Sellers and Stockholders, no  other party has any disputes with respect to
such Lease;   (4) Sellers are not and, to the Knowledge of Sellers, no other
party  to the Lease is in breach or default under the Lease, and no  event
has occurred or circumstance exists which, with the  delivery of notice, the
passage of time or both, would constitute  such a breach or default, or
permit the termination, modification  or acceleration of rent under the
Lease;   (5) No Seller owes, nor will owe in the future, any brokerage 
commissions or finder\'s fees with respect to the Lease;   (6) The other
party to the Lease is not an Affiliate of, and  otherwise does not have any
economic interest in, a Seller;   22     (7) No Seller has subleased,
licensed or otherwise granted any Person  the right to use or occupy the
Leased Real Property or any  portion thereof; and   (8) As of Closing, no
Seller will have collaterally assigned or  granted any other Security
Interest in the Lease or any interest  therein and such Seller\'s leasehold
interest will be free and  clear of all Security Interests.   (iii) The
Owned Real Property identified in ss.3(n)(i) of the  Disclosure Schedule, the
Leased Real Property identified in ss.3(n)(ii)  (collectively, the "Real
Property") comprise all of the real property used  in the Business, and no
Seller is a party to any agreement or option to  purchase or lease any real
property or interest therein.   (iv) All buildings, structures, fixtures,
building systems and  equipment, and all components thereof, including the
roof, foundation,  load-bearing walls and other structural elements thereof,
heating,  ventilation, air conditioning, mechanical, electrical, plumbing and
other  building systems, environmental control, remediation and abatement
systems,  sewer, storm and waste water systems, irrigation and other water 
distribution systems, parking facilities, fire protection, security and 
surveillance systems, and telecommunications, computer, wiring and cable 
installations, included in the Real Property (the "Improvements") were in 
compliance with all applicable laws at the time of installation and are in 
good condition and repair (reasonable wear and tear excepted) and  sufficient
for the operation of the Business. There are no facts or  conditions
affecting any of the Improvements which would, individually or  in the
aggregate, interfere with the use or occupancy of the Improvements  or any
portion thereof in the operation of the Business as currently  conducted
thereon. All Improvements are served with utilities and other  services
necessary for the operation of the Business, including gas,  electric, water,
sewer (sanitary and storm) and telephone, all of which are  adequate and in
compliance with all applicable Laws and are provided in  public roads or via
permanent, irrevocable, appurtenant easements  benefiting the parcel of Real
Property. Each parcel of the Real Property  abuts on and has direct access to
a public road, or has access thereto via  a permanent, irrevocable
appurtenant easement benefiting the parcel of Real  Property.   (v) There
is no condemnation, expropriation or other proceeding in  eminent domain
pending or threatened, affecting any parcel of Real Property  or any portion
thereof or interest therein. There is no injunction, decree,  order, writ or
judgment outstanding, nor any claims, litigation,  administrative actions or
similar proceedings, pending or threatened,  relating to the ownership,
lease, use or occupancy of the Real Property or  any portion thereof, or the
operation of Sellers\' business as currently  conducted thereon.   (vi) The
Real Property is in material compliance with all applicable  building,
zoning, subdivision, environmental, health and safety and other  land use
laws, and all insurance requirements affecting the Real Property 
(collectively, the "Real Property Laws"), and the current use and occupancy 
of the Real Property and operation of Seller\'s business thereon does not 
violate any Real Property Laws or is in legal non-compliance therewith. No  
23     Seller has received any notice of violation of any Real Property
Law which  is outstanding or remains unsatisfied and to the Knowledge of
Sellers there  is no basis for the issuance of any such notice or the taking
of any action  for such violation. To the Knowledge of Sellers and
Stockholders there is  no pending or anticipated change in any Real Property
Law that will have a  Material Adverse Effect on the ownership, lease, use or
occupancy of any  Real Property or any portion thereof in the continued
operation of the  Seller\'s business as currently conducted thereon.  
(vii) Terra Rouge and/or Concord maintains, and is in good standing in 
respect of such fire, boiler, public liability, property damage and rental 
insurance covering the Real Property owned or leased by it as would be 
maintained by a prudent owner of a similar class building, which insurance 
in respect of loss or damage to the buildings forming a part of the Real 
Property is in an amount at least equal to the replacement value thereof.  
(viii) No portion of the buildings located on the Real Property  encroaches
upon any land owned by an adjacent land owner, except as  disclosed in the
Surveys. There are no restrictive covenants, municipal  by-laws or other laws
or regulations which in any way restrict or prohibit  the use of the Real
Property for the purposes for which it is presently  being used or permit
such use as legally non-conforming, other than the  Permitted
Encumbrances.   (ix) The buildings and all other structures located on the
Owned Real  Property have been constructed in accordance with plans and
specifications  approved by all relevant governmental authorities.   (o)
Intellectual Property.   (i) Other than as provided in ss.3(o)(i) of the
Disclosure Schedule,  no Seller has interfered with, infringed upon,
misappropriated, or  otherwise come into conflict with any Intellectual
Property rights of third  parties, and, in the past six (6) years no Seller
has received or made any  charge, complaint, claim, demand, or notice
alleging any such interference,  infringement, misappropriation, re-
examination, cancellation, opposition,  or violation (including any
invitation to license or claim that any of  Sellers must license or refrain
from using any Intellectual Property rights  of any third party). To the
Knowledge of each Seller, Stockholder and  officer and director of Sellers,
no third party has interfered with,  infringed upon, misappropriated, or
violated any Intellectual Property.   (ii) ss.3(o)(ii) of the Disclosure
Schedule identifies each patent,  trademark or copyright registration which
is currently used by any of  Sellers with respect to any of its Intellectual
Property, identifies each  pending patent application, trademark application
or copyright application  for registration which any of Sellers own with
respect to any of such  Intellectual Property, and identifies each license,
agreement, or other  permission which any of Sellers has granted to any third
party with respect  to any of its Intellectual Property (together with any
exceptions). To the  extent Sellers and their agents and Affiliates are in
possession of the  same, Sellers have delivered or made available to the
Buyer correct and   24     complete copies of all such patents,
trademarks, copyrights, registrations,  applications, licenses, agreements,
and permissions (as amended to date)  and has made available to the Buyer
correct and complete copies of all  other written documentation evidencing
ownership and prosecution (if  applicable) of each such item. ss.3(o)(ii) of
the Disclosure Schedule also  identifies each trade name, domain name or
unregistered trademark used by  any of Sellers in connection with any of its
businesses. Except as set  forth in ss.3(o)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedule,
with respect to such  patent, trademark, copyright, registration, trade name,
domain name or  unregistered trademark of Sellers in the United States and
Canada, and to  the Knowledge of Sellers and Stockholders with respect to the
other  countries listed in ss.3(o)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedule:   (1)
Sellers possess all right, title, and interest in and to the  Intellectual
Property, free and clear of any Security Interest  (or will be free and clear
of any Security Interest at Closing),  license, or other restriction;   (2)
the item is not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment,  order,
decree, ruling, or charge, and has not been cancelled,  adjusted invalid or
lapsed;   (3) no action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, 
complaint, claim, or demand is pending or, to the Knowledge of  Sellers, is
threatened which (i) challenges the legality,  validity, enforceability, use,
or ownership of the item, or (ii)  questions any of Sellers\' title to or
claims any ownership of any  of the rights thereto;   (4) Seller has never
agreed to indemnify any Person for or against  any interference,
infringement, misappropriation, or other  conflict with respect to the
item;   (5) each of the trademarks identified in ss.3(o)(ii) of the 
Disclosure Schedule as being "in use" is in use in its respective  country;
and   (6) each pending or issued patent or trademark identified in 
ss.3(o)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedule as being used by any of  Sellers is
recorded with the appropriate governing body as owned  by that Seller or
otherwise such Seller shall provide documents  to permit such
recordation.   (iii) In connection with the Business, Sellers do not use
any  Intellectual Property that is owned by a third party, except for
software  licensed in the Ordinary Course of Business.   (p) Tangible
Assets. Each tangible asset of Sellers used in the Business with a value in
excess of US $500 is free from material defects (patent and latent), has been
maintained in accordance with normal industry practice, is in good operating
condition and repair (subject to normal wear and tear), and is suitable for
the purposes for which it presently is used.   (q) Accounts Receivable.
Attached hereto as Schedule ss.3(q) is an accurate and complete list of all
Accounts Receivable (as hereafter defined) of Sellers as of June 30, 2004.
All accounts receivable and notes payable of Sellers   25    relating to
the Business that are reflected on the Books and Records of Sellers as of the
Closing Date (net of reserves for such accounts prepared in accordance with
GAAP)(collectively, the "Accounts Receivable") represent or will represent on
the Closing Date valid obligations arising from sales actually made
or services actually performed by Sellers in the Ordinary Course of Business.
The pricing and invoices for each of the products sold by Sellers represent
the full amounts due in connection with the sale of such products and no
payment or remuneration for such products is to be made to any Person other
than Sellers. There is no contest, claim, penalties or right of set-off with
any maker of an Accounts Receivable relating to the amount or validity of
such Accounts Receivable (in excess of current reserves). Accounts Receivable
are stated net of reserves made in accordance with GAAP for bad debt,
returns, rebates and all other customer deductions.   (r) Inventories. The
inventory of Sellers consists of raw materials and packaging, manufactured
and purchased parts, goods in process and finished goods, all of which is
merchantable quality and quantity usable or salable at regular list prices
(less the applicable customer discounts in the Ordinary Course of Business,
as applicable) are salable at prevailing market prices that are not less than
the book value amounts thereof or the price customarily charged by Sellers
therefor, materially conform to the specifications established therefor, and
have been manufactured in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements.
The quantities of all inventories, materials, and packaging of Sellers are
not obsolete, discontinued, damaged, slow-moving, defective, or excessive,
and are reasonable and balanced in the circumstances of Sellers.   (s)
Contracts. ss.3(s) of the Disclosure Schedule lists the following contracts
and other agreements to which any Seller is a party:   (i) any agreement (or
group of related agreements) for the lease of  personal or real property to
or from any Person;   (ii) any agreement (or group of related agreements)
for the furnishing  or receipt of services, the performance of which will
extend over a period  of more than one (1) year, result in a material loss to
any of Sellers,  with respect to the Business, or involve consideration in
excess of US  $50,000;   (iii) any agreement concerning a partnership,
joint venture,  cooperative development or other similar arrangement;  
(iv) any agreement (or group of related agreements) under which it has 
created, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed any indebtedness for borrowed 
money, or any capitalized lease obligation, in excess of US $50,000 or  under
which it has imposed a Security Interest on any of its assets,  tangible or
intangible, or property, real or personal;   (v) any agreement concerning
confidentiality or noncompetition other  than Sellers\' standard employee
agreement;   (vi) any agreement with any of Stockholders and their
Affiliates;   26     (vii) any profit sharing, stock option, stock
purchase, stock  appreciation, deferred compensation, severance, or other
material plan or  arrangement for the benefit of its current or former
directors, officers,  and employees;   (viii) any collective bargaining or
union contract or agreement;   (ix) any written agreement for the employment
of any individual on a  full-time, part-time or consulting basis or for any
retention bonus,  indemnification, severance or any change of control or
golden parachute  agreement;   (x) any agreement under which it has
advanced or loaned any amount to  any of its directors, officers, and
employees;   (xi) any agreement under which the consequences of a default
or  termination could have a Material Adverse Effect on the business,
financial  condition, operations, results of operations, or future prospects
of the  Business;   (xii) any agreement for the purchase of any machinery
or capital  assets, or the incurrence of any capital expenditure (including,
but not  limited to, expenditures for the construction or material
modification of  any structure) involving in excess of US $50,000 per
agreement;   (xiii) any purchase order or other agreement for the purchase
of  materials, supplies or services other than in the Ordinary Course of 
Business;   (xiv) any license, distribution, dealership, marketing, sales
agent,  sales representative, franchise or similar agreements relating to
or  providing for the marketing and/or sale of the products or services;  
(xv) any indenture, mortgage, note, bond or other evidence of  indebtedness,
or any credit or similar agreement; and any guarantee of or  agreement to
acquire any such obligation of any other Person; and any  letters of credit
or performance bonds other than those in favor of  Sellers;   (xvi) any
agreement which restricts Sellers from entering into any  line of business or
any agreement which contains geographic restrictions on  the ability of
Sellers to conduct business activities;   (xvii) any contract, license or
other agreement with respect to the  Intellectual Property, including any
which create obligations to make  royalty payments in respect of the
Intellectual Property;   (xviii) any contract giving any party the right to
renegotiate or  require a reduction in price or refund of payments previously
made other  than in the operation of the Business in the Ordinary Course of
Business;   (xix) contracts with any government or government agency or with
any  Person in connection with such Person\'s contract with any government
or  government agency;   27     (xx) any agreement for the sale of
products or services containing  warranty or guarantee obligations which
represent material deviations from  those which are included in the standard
terms and conditions of sale in  connection with the Business;   (xxi) all
contracts relating to the cleanup, abatement or other  actions in connection
with any Hazardous Material, the remediation of any  existing environmental
liabilities, violation of any Environmental Laws or  relating to the
performance of any environmental study or audit; or   (xxii) any other
agreement (or group of related agreements) the  performance of which involves
consideration in excess of US $50,000.   Sellers have delivered or made
available to Buyer a correct and complete  copy of each written agreement
listed in ss.3(s) of the Disclosure Schedule  (as amended to date) and a
written summary setting forth the terms and  conditions of each oral
agreement referred to in ss.3(s) of the Disclosure  Schedule. With respect to
each such agreement, except as set forth in  ss.3(s) of the Disclosure
Schedule (subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and  other laws of general
application): (A) the agreement is legal, valid,  binding, enforceable, and
in full force and effect; (B) the agreement will  continue to be legal,
valid, binding, enforceable, and in full force and  effect on identical terms
following the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby
(including the assignments and assumptions referred to  in ss.2 above,
subject to consent to assignment as identified); (C) Sellers  are not and, to
the Knowledge of Sellers and Stockholders, any other party  thereto is not in
breach or default, and no event has occurred which with  notice or lapse of
time would constitute a breach or default, or permit  termination,
modification, or acceleration, under the agreement; and (D) no  party has
repudiated any provision of the agreement.   Except as provided in ss.3(s)
of the Disclosure Schedule none of the  Sellers is currently a party to any
agreement with any of the current or  former officers, directors,
stockholders, managers, members or employees of  Sellers, Stockholders or any
relative or any relation or Affiliate of such  Persons.   IMI is not a
party to any agreement other than agreements in respect of the  Shares.  
(t) Insurance. ss.3(t) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth the
following information with respect to each insurance policy (including,
without limitation, policies providing property, casualty, liability, and
workers\' compensation coverage and bond and surety arrangements) with
respect to which any of Sellers is a party, a named insured, or otherwise the
beneficiary of coverage at any time within the past two (2) years:   (i)
the name, address, and telephone number of the agent;   (ii) the name of the
insurer, the name of the policyholder, and the  name of each covered
insured;   (iii) the policy number of the period of coverage; and  
28     (iv) the scope (including an indication of whether the coverage is
as  a claims make, occurrence, or other basis) and amount (including a 
description of how deductibles and ceilings are calculated and operate) of 
coverage and all insurance loss runs for the past three years.  With respect
to each such insurance policy: (A) the policy is legal, valid, binding,
enforceable, and in full force and effect; (B) the policy will continue to be
legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full force and effect on identical
terms following the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
(including the assignments and assumptions referred to in ss.2 above); (C)
neither any of Sellers nor any other party to the policy is in breach
or default (including with respect to the payment of premiums or the giving
of notices), and no event has occurred which, with notice or the lapse of
time, would constitute such a breach or default, or permit termination,
modification, or acceleration, under the policy; and (D) no party to the
policy has repudiated any provision thereof. Each of Sellers has been covered
during the past two (2) years by insurance in scope and amount customary and
reasonable for the businesses in which it has engaged during the
aforementioned period. ss.3(t) of the Disclosure Schedule describes any self
insurance arrangements affecting Sellers.   (u) Litigation. Except as set
forth on ss.3(u) of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding orders,
judgments, injunctions, awards or decrees of any government, government
agency or court against or involving Sellers, Stockholders or against or
involving any of the properties, assets or business of Sellers. Except as set
forth on ss.3(u) of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no actions, suits,
proceedings, inquiries, investigations or claims or legal, administrative or
arbitrative proceedings or investigations (including claims for workers\'
compensation) pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers and Stockholders,
threatened against or involving Sellers, Stockholders, or any of its or their
present directors, or any of the assets or business of Sellers. There are no
actions, suits, labor disputes or other litigation, legal or administrative
proceedings or governmental investigations pending or, to the Knowledge of
Sellers and Stockholders, threatened against or affecting
Sellers, Stockholders or any of their present or officers, directors, or any
of the assets or business of Sellers relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. Except as set forth on ss.3(u) of the
Disclosure Schedule (and for litigation and claims involving Intellectual
Property set forth on ss.3(o)(i)) of the Disclosure Schedule, all litigation
and claims identified on ss.3(u) of the Disclosure Schedule are covered in
full by the liability insurance of Sellers (subject to applicable
deductibles) and are being defended by and at the sole cost of the liability
insurance carrier of Sellers. No complaint, grievance, claim, work order or
investigation has been filed, made or commenced against Sellers and is
currently outstanding in respect of or affecting the Business pursuant to the
Ontario Human Rights Code, the Occupational Health and Safety Act, the
Workplace Safety and Insurance Act (Ontario), the Employment Standards Act or
the Pay Equity Act, in each case of the Province of Ontario, or any similar
legislation of Canada, the Province of Ontario or of any
other jurisdiction.   (v) Product Warranty. ss.3(v) of the Disclosure
Schedule includes copies of the standard terms and conditions of sale for
each of Sellers (containing applicable guaranty, warranty, and indemnity
provisions). No product manufactured, sold, leased, or delivered by any of
Sellers is subject to any guaranty, warranty, or other indemnity beyond the
applicable standard terms and conditions of sale or lease.   29     (w)
Product Liability. The Sellers collectively, do not have Liabilities
in excess of $10,000 in the aggregate arising out of any injury to
individuals or property as a result of the ownership, possession, or use of
any product manufactured, sold, leased, or delivered by the Business.   (x)
Employees. Set forth in ss.3(x) of the Disclosure Schedule is a complete and
correct list of each employee of Sellers (collectively, the "Business
Employees") together with the following information for each such non-union
employee: name, age, position, number of years of service, 2003
base compensation, 2003 bonus compensation, 2004 base compensation, any
special compensation arrangements, vacation entitlement and whether such
employee is on any approved or statutory leave. Except as set forth in
ss.3(x) of the Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of any of Sellers and
Stockholders and the directors and officers (and employees with
responsibility for employment matters) of Sellers, no executive, key
employee, or group of employees has any plans to terminate employment with
any of Sellers. Except as set forth in ss.3(x) of the Disclosure Schedule,
the employment of each employee of Seller working in the United States is at
will and the employment of each employee of Seller working in Canada is
terminable at any time on statutory notice and notice in accordance with
applicable law. Except as set forth in ss.3(x) of the Disclosure Schedule, no
Seller is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement, nor has
it experienced any strikes, lock outs, work disruptions, grievances, claims
of unfair labor practices, or other collective bargaining disputes with
respect to the Business. No Seller has Knowledge of any organizational effort
presently being made or threatened by or on behalf of any labor union with
respect to any employees of the Business. Sellers comply and have complied in
all material respects with all applicable laws respecting employment and
employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
including without limitation any such laws respecting employment standards,
employment discrimination, employee classification, unfair labor practices,
workers\' compensation, family and medical leave, the Immigration Reform and
Control Act, pay equity and occupational safety and health requirements and
have complied with all employment agreements, and no claims, controversies,
investigations, or suits are pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers,
threatened with respect to such laws or agreements, either by private
individuals or by governmental agencies.   (y) Employee Benefits. ss.3(y) of
the Disclosure Schedule lists each Employee Benefit Plan that each Seller
maintains or to which a Seller contributes or that covers employees of
Sellers:   (i) Each such Employee Benefit Plan (and each related trust,
insurance  contract, or fund) has been established, maintained, funded,
invested and  administered in accordance with the terms of such Employee
Benefit Plan and  any applicable collective agreement and complies in form
and in operation  in all material respects with the applicable requirements
of ERISA and the  Code for employees in the United States and other
applicable laws.   (ii) All contributions (including all employer
contributions and  employee salary reduction contributions) which are due
have been timely  made to each such Employee Benefit Plan which is a
qualified Employee   30     Pension Benefit Plan. All premiums or other
payments which are due have  been paid with respect to each such Employee
Benefit Plan.   (iii) For employees in the United States, each such Employee
Benefit  Plan which is intended to meet the requirements of a "qualified
plan" under  Code ss.401(a) has received a determination letter from the
Internal  Revenue Service to the effect that it meets the requirements of
Code  ss.401(a) and each remains so qualified; nothing has occurred with
respect  to the operation of any qualified plan that could cause a loss of
such  qualification or exemption or the imposition of any material
liability  under ERISA or the Code; each such Employee Benefit Plan has been
timely  amended for the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of
2001  and tested to ensure compliance with the qualification requirements
under  the Code (in a manner that takes into account the affiliations among 
Sellers).   (iv) No action, suit, proceeding, hearing, or investigation
with  respect to the administration or the investment of the assets of any
such  Employee Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) is
pending.   (v) For employees in the United States, none of the Employee
Benefit  Plans is a Multiemployer Plan, or is subject to Title IV of
ERISA.   (vi) No Employee Benefit Plan contains any provision that would 
accelerate or vest any benefit or require severance, termination or other 
payments or trigger any liabilities or any full or partial wind-up as a 
result of the transactions this Agreement contemplates; Sellers have not 
declared or paid any bonus or incentive compensation related to the 
transactions this Agreement contemplates.   (vii) In respect of employees in
the United States, all group health  plans of Sellers and their ERISA
Affiliates comply and have complied with  the requirements of Part 6 of Title
I of ERISA ("COBRA") and Part 7 of  Title I of ERISA ("HIPAA"); no current or
former employee of Sellers (or  beneficiary of such employee) is entitled to
receive any benefits,  including, without limitation, death or medical
benefits (whether or not  insured) beyond retirement or other termination of
employment, other than  as applicable law requires.   (viii) In respect of
employees in Canada, none of the Employee Benefit  Plans is a defined benefit
or supplemental retirement plan under the  pension laws under applicable
Canadian laws.   (z) Guarantees. None of Sellers is a guarantor or otherwise
is liable for any Liability pertaining to the Business or obligation
(including indebtedness) of any other Person pertaining to the Business.  
(aa) Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters.   (i) Each of Sellers, and
their respective predecessors and Affiliates  has complied and is in
compliance in all material respects with all  Environmental, Health, and
Safety Requirements.   31     (ii) Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, each Seller and  their respective Affiliates has obtained or
made and complied with, and is  in compliance with, in all material respects
all permits, licenses, other  authorizations and registrations that are
required pursuant to  Environmental, Health, and Safety Requirements for the
occupation of its  facilities and the operation of its business; a list of
all such permits,  licenses and other authorizations is set forth on the
ss.3(aa)(ii) of the  Disclosure Schedule.   (iii) No Seller, or, to the
Knowledge of Sellers and Stockholders,  their respective predecessors or
Affiliates has received any written or  oral notice, report or other
information regarding any actual or alleged  violation of Environmental,
Health, and Safety Requirements, or any  liabilities or potential liabilities
(whether accrued, absolute,  contingent, unliquidated or otherwise),
including any investigatory,  remedial or corrective obligations, relating to
any of them or its  facilities arising under or related to Environmental,
Health, and Safety  Requirements, which has not otherwise been fully
satisfied.   (iv) Except as set forth in ss.3(aa) of the Disclosure
Schedule, none  of the following exists at any property or facility owned or
operated by  Sellers: (1) underground storage tanks (including any fully or
partially  buried tanks or vessels), (2) asbestos-containing material in any
form or  condition, (3) materials or equipment containing polychlorinated
biphenyls,  or (4) landfills, surface impoundments, or waste disposal areas,
including  any area where waste has been deposited such that the use of
property could  be restricted.   (v) Except as set forth on ss.3(aa) of the
Disclosure Schedule, no  Seller, or their respective predecessors or
Affiliates has treated, stored,  disposed of, arranged for or permitted the
disposal of, transported,  handled, or released any Hazardous Substances,
including without limitation  any Hazardous Substances, or owned or operated
any property or facility  (and no such property or facility is contaminated
by any such substance) in  a manner that has given or would give rise to
liabilities, including any  liability for response costs, corrective action
costs, personal injury,  property damage, natural resources damages or
attorney fees, pursuant to  the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of  1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), the Solid
Waste Disposal Act, as amended  ("SWDA") or any other Environmental, Health,
and ------ ---- Safety  Requirements.   (vi) Neither this Agreement nor the
consummation of the transaction  that is the subject of this Agreement will
result in any obligations for  site investigation or cleanup, or notification
to or consent of government  agencies or third parties, pursuant to any of
the so-called  "transaction-triggered" or "responsible property transfer"
provisions  arising under any Environmental, Health, and Safety
Requirements.   (vii) No Seller or its Affiliates, or, to the Knowledge of
Sellers and  the Stockholders, or any of their respective predecessors has,
either  expressly or by operation of law, assumed or undertaken any
Liability,  including without limitation any obligation for investigation,
corrective   32     or remedial action (including monitoring), of any
other Person relating to  Environmental, Health, and Safety Requirements.  
(viii) No facts, events or conditions relating to the past or present 
facilities, properties or operations of Sellers or its Affiliates, or, to 
the Knowledge of Sellers and the Stockholders, or any of their respective 
predecessors will prevent, hinder or limit continued compliance with 
Environmental, Health, and Safety Requirements, give rise to any 
investigatory, remedial or corrective obligations pursuant to  Environmental,
Health, and Safety Requirements, or give rise to any other  liabilities
(whether accrued, absolute, contingent, unliquidated or  otherwise) pursuant
to Environmental, Health, and Safety Requirements,  including without
limitation any relating to onsite or offsite presence,  release or threatened
release of any Hazardous Substances, personal injury,  property damage or
natural resources damage.   (ix) Copies of all material information, data,
reports, material  correspondence (including to and from government agencies,
banks or  financial institutions) and other documents relating to
environmental,  health and safety matters with respect to the facilities and
the operation  of the Business have been provided or made available to
Buyer.   (bb) Books and Records. Each Seller has made and kept (and given
Buyer access to) business records, minutes, financial books and records,
sales order files, purchase order files, engineering order files, warranty
and repair files, supplier lists, customer lists, dealer, representative and
distributor lists, which, in reasonable detail, and fairly and in all
material respects, reflect the activities of such Seller (the "Books and
Records"). No Seller has engaged in any transaction, maintained any bank
account or used any corporate funds except for transactions, bank accounts
and funds which have been and are reflected in its normally maintained Books
and Records.   (cc) Unlawful Payments. No Seller, nor any officer, employee,
stockholder, agent or representative of a Seller, nor, any Person associated
with or acting for or on behalf of a Seller, has directly or indirectly (a)
made any contribution, gift, bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment,
kickback, or other payment to any Person, private or public, regardless of
what form, whether in money, property, or services (i) to obtain favorable
treatment for the Business for contracts secured, (ii) to pay for favorable
treatment for the Business for business or contracts secured, (iii) to obtain
special concessions or for special concessions already obtained for the
Business, or (iv) in violation of any legal requirement, or (b) established
or maintained any fund or asset that has not been recorded in the Books or
Records of Sellers.   (dd) Backlog. ss.3(dd) of the Disclosure Schedule
lists all pending customer orders relating to the Business for Sellers as of
the date set forth on ss.3(dd) of the Disclosure Schedule. All such customer
orders were entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business, consistent with
past practice. No such customer orders are at prices which, based on the past
experience of Sellers and current and anticipated costs, are or can
reasonably be expected to result in (i) a material loss to Sellers or (ii) a
five percent (5%) or more reduction in gross margins for every SKU relative
to the gross margins for such SKU on sales to the same or similar customers
on and after January 1, 2004 (or otherwise   33    consistent with the
Ordinary Course of Business if such sales information is not available).  
(ee) Suppliers and Customers. ss.3(ee) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth
(i) the twenty-five (25) largest customers by gross purchases from
Sellers during 2003 and the six month period ended June 30, 2004 (the
"Significant Customers"), and (ii) the twenty-five (25) largest vendors and
suppliers by gross sales to Sellers during 2003 and the six-month period
ended June 30, 2004, as well as all vendors and suppliers of Sellers who are
the sole source of such supply, other than public utilities and service
providers (collectively, the "Significant Vendors"). Since December 31, 2003,
no Significant Customer or Significant Vendor has: (a) stopped or indicated
its intention to stop trading with or supplying Sellers, (b) materially
reduced its trading with or provision of goods or services to Sellers, or (c)
changed materially the terms and conditions on which it is prepared to trade
with or supply Sellers. Sellers have no Knowledge of any facts, conditions or
events that would give rise to a material claim by a Seller against any of
its Significant Customers or Significant Suppliers or any material claim by a
Significant Customer or Significant Supplier against a Seller.   (ff)
Competition Matters. Sellers, together with their Affiliates, do not have
assets in Canada, or gross revenues from sales in, from or into Canada, that
exceed CDN $200,000,000, all as determined in accordance with Part IX of the
Competition Act (Canada) and the Notifiable Transaction
Regulations promulgated thereunder.   (gg) Privacy Matters.   (i) The
representations and warranties contained in section 3(u) apply  and are true
in respect of the collection, use and disclosure by Sellers of  all Personal
Information that is included in the Acquired Assets, and the  representations
and warranties contained in ss.3(l) apply to the compliance  of Sellers with
the Privacy Legislation.   (ii) Each Seller complies in all material
respects with all applicable  Privacy Legislation. Sellers are in compliance
with the privacy policies  adopted in accordance with the Privacy
Legislation.   (iii) The representations and warranties contained in ss.ss.
3(c),  3(g) and 3(ee) apply and are true in respect of the sale of Personal 
Information by Sellers under this Agreement.   (hh) ICA. The value of the
Acquired Assets, determined in accordance with the Investment Canada Act and
the Investment Canada Regulations (collectively, the "ICA"), does not exceed
Cdn $237 million. The Business does not provide any "transportation service"
(as that term is defined in the ICA).   (ii) Disclosure Schedules. The
Disclosure Schedule shall be divided into sections corresponding to the
sections and subsections of this Agreement. Disclosure of any fact or item in
any section or subsection of the Disclosure Schedule shall, should the
existence of the fact or item or its contents be relevant to any other
Section of the Disclosure Schedule, be deemed to be disclosed with respect to
such other section or subsection.   34     4. Representations and
Warranties of Buyer. Buyer represents and warrants to Sellers and the
Stockholders that the statements contained in this ss.4 are correct and
complete as of the date of this Agreement and will be correct and complete as
of the Closing Date (as though made then and as though the Closing Date were
substituted for the date of this Agreement throughout this ss.4), except as
set forth in the Disclosure Schedule.   (a) Organization of Buyer. Buyer is
a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation.   (b) Authorization of
Transaction. Buyer has full power and authority (including full corporate
power and authority) to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by
Buyer and has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Buyer. This
Agreement constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of Buyer,
enforceable in accordance with its terms and conditions, except as may be
limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws
now or hereafter in effect relating to creditor\'s rights generally and (b)
general equitable principles. Except for the approval under the HSR
Act, Buyer need not give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain
any authorization, consent, or approval of any government or governmental
agency or any other Person in order to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) Noncontravention. Neither the
execution and the delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, will (A) violate any law, constitution,
statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling change
or other restriction of any government, governmental agency or court to which
Buyer is subject or any provision of its charter or bylaws or (B) conflict
with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in the
acceleration of, create in any Person the right to accelerate, terminate,
modify, or cancel, or require any notice under any agreement, contract,
lease, license, instrument, or other arrangement to which Buyer is a party or
by which it is bound or to which any of its assets is subject.   (d)
Competition Matters. The Buyer, together with its Affiliates, does not have
assets in Canada, or gross revenues from sales in, from or into Canada, that
exceed US $20,000,000, all as determined in accordance with Part IX of
the Competition Act (Canada) and the Notifiable Transaction Regulations
promulgated thereunder.   (e) Brokers\' Fees. Buyer has no Liability or,
obligation to pay any fees or commissions to any broker, finder, or agent
with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement for which any
Seller could become liable or obligated.   5. Pre-Closing Covenants. The
Parties agree as follows with respect to the period between the execution of
this Agreement and the Closing.   (a) General. Each of the Parties will use
his or its reasonable best efforts to take all action and to do all things
necessary, proper, or advisable in order to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including satisfaction, but not
waiver, of the closing conditions set forth in ss.7 below, defense of all
actions, suits or proceedings challenging   35    this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder, and the execution
and delivery of additional instruments necessary to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement).   (b) Notices and Consents.
Sellers will give any notices to third parties, and will use its reasonable
best efforts to obtain all third party consents, referred to in ss.3(c) of
the Disclosure Schedule. Each of the Parties will give any notices to, make
any filings with, and use its reasonable best efforts to obtain any
authorizations, consents, and approvals of any Governmental Authority in
connection with the matters referred to in ss.2(i) and ss.3(c) of
the Disclosure Schedule. This Agreement will be effective to create an
interest in the Real Property only if the Subdivision control provisions of
the Planning Act (Ontario) are complied with by Sellers on or before Closing.
Sellers hereby covenant to proceed diligently at their expense to obtain any
required severance consent under the Planning Act (Ontario) on or before
Closing.   (c) Conduct of Business Prior to the Closing Date. Except as
otherwise permitted or required by the terms of this Agreement, as set forth
in Schedule ss.5(c) of the Disclosure Schedule (including permitting Sellers
to terminate their rights under foreign exchange contracts, as permitted
pursuant the terms thereof), as consented to by Buyer in writing (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) from the date hereof
until the Closing or earlier termination of this Agreement, Sellers shall
operate the Business in the Ordinary Course of Business and preserve the
value of the Business and the assets thereof. Without limiting the generality
of ss.5(c), except as otherwise permitted or required by the terms of this
Agreement, as set forth in ss.5(c) of the Disclosure Schedule or as consented
to by Buyer in writing (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld),
from the date hereof until the Closing or termination of this Agreement,
Sellers shall not:   (i) amend the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or
comparable  charter documents of a Seller thereof, except as otherwise
required by law;   (ii) make any disposition of stock or assets of any
entity that is  material to the operations of a Seller, taken as a whole;  
(iii) merge or consolidate with any corporation or other entity;   (iv) fail
to maintain the Acquired Assets in reasonable and customary  repair, order
and condition and maintain insurance reasonably comparable to  that in effect
on the date of this Agreement;   (v) enter into any material transaction or
commitment binding on the  Business other than in the Ordinary Course of
Business;   (vi) make any capital expenditure or acquire any property or
assets,  other than in the Ordinary Course of Business;   (vii) acquire or
agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or  by purchasing a
substantial equity interest in or a substantial portion of  the assets of, or
by any other manner, any business or any Person;   36     (viii) incur
or assume any Liability for borrowed money, or otherwise  assume, guarantee,
endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible  (whether directly,
contingently or otherwise) for an obligation (absolute,  accrued, contingent
or otherwise) of any Person, or make any loans,  advances or capital
contributions to, or investments in, any Person;   (ix) grant any increase
in the compensation or benefits of any officer  or employee (including any
such increase pursuant to any bonus, pension,  profit sharing or other plan
or commitment) or any increase in the  compensation or benefits payable, or
to become payable, to any officer or  employee, or make any commitment to do
so, except in the Ordinary Course of  Business;   (x) adopt, enter into or
amend, any employment, severance, bonus,  profit sharing, compensation,
equity interest, option, pension,  requirement, deferred compensation, health
care, employment or other,  employee benefit plan, agreement, trust, fund or
arrangement for the  benefit or welfare of any employee or retiree, or make
any commitment to do  so, except as required to comply with changes in any
applicable law  occurring after the date hereof;   (xi) sell, lease,
encumber, transfer or dispose of any assets,  properties or rights, or
acquire any assets, properties or rights, unless  in the Ordinary Course of
Business;   (xii) sell or dispose of any inventories, goods or products at a
per  unit price less than ninety-five percent (95%) of the average per unit 
price, excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, for such item for the 
period from January 1, 2004 to June 30, 2004;   (xiii) permit any Acquired
Asset to suffer any Security Interest  thereupon;   (xiv) grant any license
or sublicense of any rights under or with  respect to any Business
Intellectual Property;   (xv) make any change in any tax or accounting
principle, method,  estimate or practice;   (xvi) accelerate the collection
of any receivables or delay or  postpone the payment of any payables, except
in the Ordinary Course of  Business;   (xvii) settle, release or forgive
any claim or litigation or waive any  right thereto which relates to a
material asset, except in the Ordinary  Course of Business for amounts
involving less than US $50,000;   (xviii) modify, amend in any material
respect or terminate any  contract, or make or enter into any new contract in
respect of the purchase  of raw materials or packaging except in the Ordinary
Course of Business or  purchase orders received in the Ordinary Course of
Business;   37     (xix) modify, amend in any material respect or
terminate any contract  (other than for raw materials and packaging), or make
or enter into any new  contract (other than for raw materials and packaging)
with respect to the  Business or the Acquired Assets, except new contracts
involving less than  US $50,000; or   (xx) take, or agree in writing or
otherwise to take, any of the  foregoing actions or any action which would
make any representation or  warranty of Sellers and Stockholders contained in
this Agreement untrue or  incorrect as of the date when made or as of any
future date or which could  prevent the satisfaction of any condition to
Closing.  Sellers shall promptly inform Buyer upon the occurrence of any of
the following:   (i) the issuance or agreement to issue (by the issuance or
granting of  options, warrants or rights to purchase shares or otherwise),
transfer,  sell or deliver any capital stock, or other membership or
ownership  interests in, or other equity securities of Sellers, or any
securities  exchangeable for or convertible into such capital stock, or
other  membership or ownership interests in, or other equity securities;  
(ii) the split, combination or reclassification of any capital stock,  or
other membership or ownership interests in, or other equity securities  of
Sellers, including the Shares, or declare, set aside or pay any  dividends or
make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock or other  property) in
respect of such capital stock, or other membership or  ownership interests
in, or other equity securities; and   (iii) the redemption, purchase or
other acquisition of any outstanding  shares of capital stock, or other
membership or ownership interests in, or  other equity securities of Sellers,
or any other securities which are  convertible into or exchangeable or
exercisable therefore.   (d) Full Access. Each Seller will permit
representatives of Buyer to have full access at all reasonable times during
normal business hours, and in a manner so as not to materially interfere with
the normal business operations of Sellers, to all premises, offices
properties, personnel, books, records (including tax records), contracts, and
documents of or pertaining to each of the Sellers with respect to the
Business, including access to Sellers\' independent auditors and their audit
work papers. Sellers will assist with the processing and transferring such
data and information with respect to the Business in the format specified by
the Buyer to the Buyer\'s information and data systems. Buyer will treat and
hold as such any information it receives from any Seller in the course of the
reviews contemplated by this ss.5(d) as Confidential Information, will not
use any of the Confidential Information except in connection with this
Agreement, and, if this Agreement is terminated for any reason whatsoever,
will return to Sellers or cause to be destroyed all tangible and intangible
embodiments (and all copies) of the Confidential Information which are in its
possession. Sellers shall furnish Buyer with all information, documents and
records relating to the Business and each Seller as Buyer may reasonably
request.   (e) Notification of Certain Matters. Buyer shall use reasonable
best efforts to give prompt notice to Sellers, and Sellers shall use their
reasonable best efforts to give prompt notice to Buyer, of: (i) the
occurrence, or   38    non-occurrence, of any event the occurrence, or
non-occurrence, of which it is aware and which would be reasonably likely to
cause (x) any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement and made
by it to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect or (y) any covenant,
condition or agreement contained in this Agreement and made by it not to be
complied with or satisfied in all material respects, (ii) any failure of
Buyer or Sellers, as the case may be, to comply in a timely manner with or
satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied
by it hereunder or (iii) any change or event which would be reasonably likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Sellers.   (f) No Solicitation.   (i)
Sellers and Stockholders shall, and shall cause other Affiliates  and their
respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and  agents to,
immediately cease any existing discussions or negotiations, if  any, with any
parties conducted heretofore with respect to any Acquisition  Transaction (as
hereinafter defined). Each Seller and Stockholder agrees  that, prior to the
Closing, it shall not, and shall not authorize or permit  any of Sellers\'
directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives,  directly or
indirectly, to solicit, initiate or encourage, or to furnish or  disclose
non-public information in furtherance of, any inquiries or the  making of any
proposal with respect to any merger, liquidation,  recapitalization,
consolidation or other business combination involving a  Seller or
acquisition of any capital stock or any material portion of the  assets of
Sellers, or any combination of the foregoing (other than the  transactions
contemplated hereby) (an "Acquisition Transaction"), or to  negotiate,
explore or otherwise engage in substantive discussions with any  Person
(other than the Buyer or its directors, officers, employees, agents, 
representatives or permitted assigns) with respect to any Acquisition 
Transaction or enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding 
requiring it to abandon, terminate or fail to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby. Without limiting the foregoing, any violation of the 
restrictions set forth in this ss.5(f) by any officer, director, affiliate, 
employee, agent, investment banker, attorney or other advisor or 
representative of Sellers, the Stockholders or any Affiliate thereof shall 
be deemed to be a breach of this ss.5(f).   (ii) From and after the
execution of this Agreement, each Seller shall  immediately advise Buyer in
writing of the receipt, directly or indirectly,  of any inquiry or proposal
with respect to an Acquisition Transaction, and  of any discussions,
negotiations or proposals relating to an Acquisition  Transaction, identify
the offeror and furnish to Buyer a copy of any such  proposal, if it is in
writing, or a written summary of any such proposal  relating to an
Acquisition Transaction if it is not in writing. Each Seller  shall promptly
advise Buyer of all developments relating to such proposal,  including the
results of any discussions or negotiations with respect  thereto.  
39     (g) Title Insurance and Survey.   (i) Prior to Closing, Buyer
shall have received from a title insurance  company satisfactory to the Buyer
(the "Title Company"), a title commitment  (the "Title Commitment") for an
owner\'s policy of insurance reasonably  acceptable to the Buyer for the
Owned Real Property, which will include  such endorsements as the Buyer may
reasonably require and as are normally  acquired by buyers of real property
in the context of commercial  transaction, and all documents identified on
Schedule B, Part II of such  Title Commitment;   (ii) Prior to Closing,
Buyer shall have received from the Title  Company a title insurance policy in
a form satisfactory to the Buyer,  including such endorsements as the Buyer
may reasonably require and as are  normally acquired by buyers of real
property in the context of commercial  transaction, (which may be in the form
of a mark-up of a pro forma of the  Title Commitment) in accordance with the
Title Commitment, insuring Buyer\'s  fee simple title to the Owned Real
Property as of the Closing Date in the  amount of the Purchase Price
allocated to the Owned Real Property as  provided in ss.2(e) (the "Title
Policy") subject only to Permitted  Encumbrances; and   (iii) Prior to
Closing, Buyer shall have received from Sellers surveys  (the "Surveys") for
the Owned Real Property, and Seller\'s affidavit  (adequate to cause the
Title Company to delete from the Title Policy any  exceptions or exclusions
which may customarily be stricken from a title  policy upon presentation of a
current survey) affirming that no exterior  improvements have been made to
the Owned Real Property or to any adjacent  real property that affect the
Owned Real Property and are not depicted on  the Survey. If the Title Company
rejects the "no-change affidavit," the  Seller, at Seller\'s sole cost and
expense, will cause an updated Survey to  be prepared and delivered to Buyer
not later than ten (10) days prior to  Closing.   (h) Employment to
Business Employees. Buyer shall offer employment (subject to acceptance prior
to, and subject to and upon Closing) with Buyer or one of its subsidiaries,
effective on the Closing Date, to the Business Employees of the Seller listed
on ss.5(h) of the Disclosure Schedule. Sellers agree to release from their
employment those Business Employees who are offered and accept employment
with Buyer or one of its subsidiaries to enable them to commence their
employment with Buyer or one of its subsidiaries. Each offer of employment
made by Buyer will be on no less favorable terms and conditions (including
salary and wages) (except for any compensation related to phantom stock and
profit sharing arrangements, if any) provided by a Seller to the Business
Employee immediately prior to the Closing Date and such employee benefits as
set forth in ss.6(b), below; provided that Buyer, with the consent of the
Representatives, may offer different terms of employment to
certain executives of Sellers. Prior to the Closing Date, Sellers agree to
use their best efforts to maintain and retain the Business Employees at
substantially similar levels as of the date of this Agreement; provided that
Sellers shall terminate one (1) employee as designated by Buyer and the
Representatives and Buyers shall be obligated to reimburse Sellers for any
severance payments, losses or expenses in connection with such termination in
an aggregate amount not to exceed CDN $972,000.   40     (i)
Environmental Investigations. Prior to the Closing, Sellers shall grant Buyer
and the environmental consultants and/or engineers selected by
Buyer, reasonable, non-exclusive access, to the Owned Real Property and
Leased Real Property for the purpose of allowing Buyer to conduct
environmental due diligence, including, but not limited to, Phase I
Environmental Site Assessments, in accordance with Canadian Standards
Association standard Z768-01 (as amended by update No. 1, April 2003) or ASTM
Standard E1527-00, as applicable, assessments or audits of environmental,
health and safety compliance, and Phase 2 Environmental Investigations with
regard to any material and/or recognized environmental conditions identified
during the Phase I Environmental Site Assessments on the Owned Real Property
and the Leased Real Property (collectively, the "Environmental
Investigations"). Sellers\' agree to cooperate with respect to the
Environmental Investigations and to provide Buyer and Buyer\'s environmental
consultants and/or engineers access to documents, information and employees.
Sellers and/or their designee(s) shall have the right, but not the
obligation, to observe the Environmental Investigations   (j) SEC
Regulations   (i) On and after the date hereof (including following the
Closing),  Sellers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist and
cooperate  with Buyer in Buyer\'s preparation of audited and unaudited
financial  statements of the Business for such periods and containing such
information  sufficient to permit Buyer to comply with the requirements of
Regulations  S-K and S-X promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission,  (the "SEC"). Sellers shall, in connection therewith, engage
Deloitte and  Touche LLP to conduct the audits with respect to the audited
financial  statements to be included in such financial statements. Buyer
shall be  responsible for and shall promptly reimburse Sellers upon written
request  for the fees and expenses of Deloitte and Touche LLP in connection
with such  audits.   (ii) With respect to any registration statement or
other filings with  the SEC, including Form 8-K, that Buyer shall determine
to make after the  date hereof (including following the Closing), Sellers
shall use  commercially reasonable efforts to timely furnish, cause to be
timely  furnished, or grant access to Buyer, its Affiliates, its accountants
and  auditors, upon reasonable request of Buyer, the following: (A) consents
of  Sellers\' independent public accountants with respect to audited
financial  statements as required by SEC Regulation S-X; (B) such
information,  assistance and cooperation (including information, assistance
and  cooperation from Sellers\' independent auditors) as is reasonably
necessary  for Buyer and its Affiliates to (1) prepare such registration
statement or  other SEC filing, (2) address and resolve any SEC comments
related to  Sellers\' financial statements (including any required
modification of such  financial statements or footnotes thereto); (C) such
information,  assistance and cooperation as is reasonably necessary for Buyer
to prepare  any unaudited pro forma balance sheets or income statements
required to be  included in any such registration statement or other SEC
filing; and (D)  such information, assistance and cooperation as is
reasonably necessary for  Buyer to accumulate five years of historical
unaudited financial  information of Sellers as required for inclusion in any
such registration  statement or other filing with the SEC.   41     6.
Post-Closing Covenants. The Parties agree as follows with respect to
the period following the Closing.   (a) Litigation Support. In the event
and for so long as any Party actively is contesting or defending against any
action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim,
or demand in connection with (i) any transaction contemplated under this
Agreement or (ii) any fact, situation, circumstance, status, condition,
activity, practice, plan, occurrence, event, incident, action, failure to
act, or transaction on or prior to the Closing Date involving any Party, if
requested, the other Party will cooperate with the contesting or defending
such Party and its counsel in the contest or defense, make available its
personnel, and provide such testimony and access to its books and records as
shall be necessary in connection with the contest or defense, all at the sole
cost and expense of the contesting or defending such Party (unless the
contesting or defending Party is entitled to indemnification therefor
under ss.8 below). Sellers shall consult with Buyer regarding the defense of
any proceedings or litigation against Sellers relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Buyer shall maintain, store and
keep the books and records included in the Acquired Assets hereunder at
Buyer\'s offices in Chicago, Illinois or in the greater Toronto, Ontario area
for such period of time in accordance with applicable law (and at least for
seven (7) years) and shall grant the Representatives access to and the right
to make copies of (at the Representatives\' cost) such books and records at
such facility during regular business hours for such location.   (b)
Employee Matters.   (i) Employee Benefit Plans. Effective on the Closing
Date, each of the  Transferred Employees shall be deemed to have terminated
employment with  Sellers for all purposes under the Employee Benefit Plans of
Sellers.   (ii) Buyer Employee Benefit Plans. Following the Closing, Buyer
shall  cause the Transferred Employees to be covered under Employee Benefit
Plans  that are, (A) with respect to the Transferred Employees in Canada, no
less  favorable, (B) with respect to the Transferred Employees in the
United  States employed by Alpharetta, offered by Buyer under Buyer\'s
Employee  Benefit Plans to Buyer\'s employees in comparable positions and
employment  status, and, (C) with respect to the Transferred Employees in the
United  States located in Selma, Alabama, comparable when taken in the
aggregate,  to the Employee Benefit Plans under which such Transferred
Employees were  covered immediately prior to the Closing. Buyer shall cause
service with  Sellers to be recognized as eligibility and vesting service for
purposes of  all applicable Employee Benefit Plans and compensation plans
and  arrangements applicable to the Transferred Employees after the Closing,
to  the extent such service was credited under comparable plans and 
arrangements of Sellers prior to the Closing. From and after the Closing 
Date, in the case of any Employee Benefit Plan of Buyer that is an employee 
health or life insurance plan and in which the Transferred Employees become 
eligible to participate (any such plan, a "Buyer Welfare Plan"), Buyer  shall
cause such Buyer Welfare Plan to waive any pre-existing conditions of  any
such Transferred Employee that were covered under the Employee Benefit  Plan
in which such Transferred Employee was a participant immediately prior  to
commencement of participation in Buyer Welfare Plan.   42     (iii)
Vacation Pay. Buyer will recognize a Transferred Employee\'s  service with
the Business for purposes of determining the Transferred  Employee\'s
eligibility for and amount of vacation benefits. The Assumed  Liabilities
will include the aggregate liability as of the Closing Date for  the
Transferred Employees\' vacation pay for vacation accrued but not taken  or
paid for by Sellers (the "Sellers Accrued Vacation"). Sellers Accrued 
Vacation will be paid to the Transferred Employees by Buyer through  vacation
actually taken by a particular Transferred Employee in accordance  with
applicable law.   (iv) Sellers shall retain responsibility for all amounts
payable by  reason of or in connection with any and all claims incurred by
Transferred  Employees (and their eligible dependants) under any Employee
Benefit Plans  before the Closing (and Buyer shall have responsibility
thereafter) and for  all claims by employees of Sellers who are not
Transferred Employees  whether incurred before, on or after Closing. For the
purposes of this  section, a claim shall be deemed to have been incurred:  
(1) with respect to all death or dismemberment claims, on the actual  date of
death or dismemberment;   (2) with respect to all income replacement and
long term disability  claims, on the first date the Employee became disabled
as  determined in accordance with the applicable plan; and   (3) with
respect to all health care, vision and dental claims, on the  date the
service or supply was purchased or received by the  employee or his/her
eligible dependant.   (v) COBRA. Wax and Alpharetta will be responsible for
liability for  any group health continuation coverage or coverage rights for
United States  employees under Code Section 4980B and ERISA Section 606 which
relate to  current or former Employees of the Business (and their dependents)
and  exist prior to the Closing Date or which arise as a result of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and Wax and Alpharetta agree to 
maintain a group health plan for at least six (6) months from the Closing 
Date.   (vi) Other Employee Benefit Plans. Except as expressly provided in 
this ss.6(b), Buyer will not adopt, assume or otherwise become responsible 
for, either primarily or as a successor employer, any assets or liabilities 
of any Employee Benefit Plans, arrangements, commitments or policies 
currently provided by Sellers or by any member of their controlled group of 
corporations (including any phantom stock or profit sharing arrangements).  
(vii) General Employee Provisions.   (1) Each Seller and Buyer will give
notices required by law and take  whatever other actions with respect to the
Employee Benefit  Plans, programs and policies described in this ss.6(b) as
may be  necessary to carry out the arrangements described in this 
ss.6(b).   43     (2) Each of the Sellers and Buyer will provide the
other with such  Employee Benefit Plan documents and descriptions, employee
data  or other information as may be reasonably required to carry out  the
arrangements described in this ss.6(b).   (3) No provision of this Agreement
will create any third party  beneficiary rights to any person, including any
Transferred  Employee or any dependent of a Transferred Employee, in
respect  of continued employment or resumed employment, and no provision  of
this Agreement will create any third party beneficiary rights  in any person,
including any Transferred Employee or any  dependent of a Transferred
Employee, in respect of any Employee  Benefit Plan or arrangement or any
other arrangement which may be  maintained from time to time by Buyer.  
(4) Buyer shall indemnify and hold Sellers harmless from any Adverse 
Consequence by a Transferred Employee that arises after the  Closing in
connection with the employment of such persons by the  Buyer as employer.
Sellers shall indemnify and hold the Buyer  harmless from any Adverse
Consequence by a Transferred Employee  that arises on or before the Closing,
even if such claim is made  after the Closing Date, including any Adverse
Consequence by a  Business Employee who did not receive or did not accept an
offer  of employment by the Buyer for any reason and any Adverse 
Consequence by an employee of Sellers who is not a Transferred  Employee
whether arising before, on or after the Closing.   (5) Access to Employee
Information. After the Closing Date, the  Parties hereto will reasonably
cooperate with each other in the  administration of any applicable Employee
Benefit Plans and  programs. To the extent permitted by law, within thirty
(30) days  after the Closing Date, each Seller will provide to Buyer the 
necessary employee data, including personnel, payroll and benefit 
information, maintained with respect to the Transferred Employees  by the
Seller or by its independent contractors, such as  insurance companies
recordkeepers, administrators and actuaries.   (viii) Offers of
Employment.   (1) With respect to Mr. David Thompson, Buyer shall (i)
offer  employment on the following terms and conditions: (A) base 
compensation equal to his current base compensation until the  earlier of the
6-month anniversary of his employment with Buyer  or his termination of
employment with Buyer for any reason, (B) a  retention bonus in an amount
agreed to by Buyer and Sellers (the  "Thompson Severance Payment") which
Buyer shall pay on the  earlier of (Y) six (6) months after the Closing or
(Z) the date  Buyer terminates him without cause and (C) Mr. Thompson
waives  all his rights to any other bonus or severance payments and takes 
the Thompson Severance Payment conditional on his executing a  full release
for the benefit of Buyer, or (ii) terminate his  employment and pay him the
Thompson Severance Payment conditioned   44     on Mr. Thompson
executing a full release for the benefit of  Buyer.   (2) In the event Mr.
Edward P. Fenimore is not employed by Buyer or  an affiliate of Buyer within
30 days after Closing, Buyer will be  obligated to reimburse Alpharetta on
such 30th day $200,000 of  the total amount that Alpharetta is obligated to
pay Mr. Fenimore  under his existing employment agreement. In the event Mr. 
Fenimore is employed by Buyer or an affiliate of Buyer within  such 30 day
period (i) Buyer will assume and agree to pay up to  US $200,000 of
Alpharetta\'s obligation to make certain payments  upon Mr. Fenimore\'s
termination of employment under Mr.  Fenimore\'s existing employment
agreement and (ii) Sellers shall  enter a new agreement with Mr. Fenimore
pursuant to which Sellers  shall agree to pay to Mr. Fenimore any and all
such amounts as  are necessary so that upon Mr. Fenimore\'s termination of 
employment with Buyer, Mr. Fenimore will receive an aggregate  amount from
both Buyer under his new employment agreement and  Sellers under such
agreement in the same amount Mr. Fenimore  would have received under his
existing employment agreement with  Alpharetta, if any.   (c) Tax
Matters.   (i) IMI Pre-Closing Taxes. The Sellers shall jointly and
severally  indemnify the Buyer from and against all Taxes of IMI attributable
to  taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending before the Closing Date.
For  this purpose, Taxes of IMI that relate to taxable periods that begin
before  and end after the Closing Date shall be treated as attributable to
taxable  periods ending on or before the Closing Date as follows: (A) in the
case of  Taxes that are either (1) based upon or related to income, capital
or net  worth or (2) imposed in connection with any sale or other transfer
or  assignment of property (real or personal, tangible or intangible), such 
Taxes shall be deemed equal to the amount which would be payable if the 
taxable period of IMI (and, for purposes of allocating subpart F income as 
defined in Code ss.952, as if the taxable years of the Spanish  Subsidiaries)
ended on the Closing Date; and (B) in the case of Taxes  imposed on a
periodic basis, such Taxes shall be deemed to be the amount of  such Taxes
for the entire period, multiplied by a fraction the numerator of  which is
the number of calendar days in the period ending on the Closing  Date and the
denominator of which is the number of calendar days in the  entire period.
The Buyer shall file or cause to be filed when due all Tax  Returns of IMI
that are required to be filed after the Closing Date. The  Sellers shall pay
the Buyer the Taxes for which the Sellers are liable  pursuant to this
ss.6(c)(i) within fifteen (15) days after notice from  Buyer of the amount
due from the Sellers with respect to such Tax Returns.   (ii) Transfer
Taxes. Except to the extent otherwise provided in  ss.6(c)(ii) below, each of
the Parties shall be liable for and shall pay  all sales, use, stamp,
documentary, filing, recording, transfer or similar  fees or Taxes or
governmental charges, including real property transfer  gains Taxes, as
levied against such Party by any taxing authority or  governmental agency in
connection with the transactions contemplated by   45     this Agreement
(and the other Parties shall be indemnified by such Party  for any Liability
in respect of such Tax) and such Party shall remit to  such other parties
amounts necessary to satisfy such Taxes which are  required by law to be
collected or remitted by such other party. Each Party  will, at their own
expense, file all necessary Tax Returns and other  documents with respect to
such Taxes and, if required by applicable law,  the other Party will, and
cause its Affiliates to, join in the execution of  any such Tax Returns and
other documents.   (iii) Real Property and Sales Taxes. The Buyer will be
liable for and  will pay all land transfer taxes and federal, state,
provincial, and local  sales taxes, if any, payable upon or in connection
with the conveyance or  transfer of the Owned Real Property by the Seller to
the Buyer.   (iv) GST Legislation. The Parties agree to make such filings
and  elections as may validly be made to elect that no tax be payable
pursuant  to the GST Legislation with respect to the sale under this
Agreement. To  the extent as may be permitted by applicable law, the Buyer
will file an  election pursuant to the GST Legislation, made jointly by the
Parties, in  compliance with the requirements of the GST Legislation. Prior
to the  Closing Buyer or any of its Affiliates purchasing the Acquired Assets
shall  have registered for purposes of the GST Legislation, as required.  
(v) Section 22 Election. The Buyer and the Sellers shall, as soon as 
possible after the Closing, jointly execute an election under Section 22 of 
the Income Tax Act (Canada) as to the sale of the Accounts Receivable,  shall
designate therein the applicable portion of the Purchase Price  referred to
in ss.2(b) as the consideration paid by the Buyer therefor and  shall each
file such election with the Canada Customs and Revenue Agency  forthwith
after execution thereof to make such election effective.   (d) Covenant Not
to Compete. As further consideration for the purchase and sale of the
Acquired Assets and assumption of the Assumed Liabilities and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each Seller and each Stockholder
(excluding the Trust Stockholders) covenants and agrees with Buyer that it
shall not, for a period of ten (10) years following the Closing Date, for any
reason whatsoever, directly or indirectly, for itself or himself or on behalf
of or in conjunction with any other Person:   (i) engage anywhere in the
world (the "Territory"), as an officer,  director, stockholder, owner,
partner, member, joint venturer, investor,  employee, independent contractor,
consultant, adviser, sales representative  or otherwise, in any business, or
in selling, manufacturing, distributing  or marketing any product or service,
that competes directly or indirectly,  or is reasonably likely to compete
directly or indirectly, with Business;  provided however, that the ownership
of less than five percent (5%) of the  outstanding stock of any publicly
traded corporation shall not be deemed to  be engaging the Business;   (ii)
call upon, solicit, employ or hire away any Person who is, at  that time,
within the Territory, an employee, contractor, subcontractor,  independent
consultant, sales representative or vendor of the Buyer thereof  for the
purpose or with the intent of enticing such employee, contractor,  
46     subcontractor, independent consultant, sales representative or
vendor away  from the Buyer; or   (iii) call upon or solicit any Person who
is, at that time, or that  has been, within ten (10) years prior to that
time, a customer of Buyer\'s  Business within the Territory for the purpose
of soliciting or selling  products or services in competition with
Business.  For purposes of this ss.6(d), the term "Buyer" means Buyer and
all current and future Affiliates of Buyer directly or indirectly engaged in
the Business. The necessity of each of the restrictions set forth above and
the nature and scope of each such restriction has been carefully considered,
bargained for and agreed to by the Parties. The Parties hereby agree and
acknowledge that the duration, scope and geographic area applicable to each
of the restrictions set forth above are fair, reasonable and necessary. The
consideration provided for in this Agreement is sufficient and adequate to
compensate each Seller and each Stockholder (excluding the Trust
Stockholders) for agreeing to each of the restrictions contained above.
However, in the event that any of portion of the restrictions set forth above
shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be
unenforceable, including by reason of their being extended over too great a
period of time or too large a geographic area or over too great a range of
activities, it shall be interpreted to extend only over the maximum period of
time, geographic area, or range of activities as to which it may by
be enforceable. Each provision and part of a provision herein shall be deemed
a separate and severable covenant. It is the desire and intent of the Parties
that the provisions of this Agreement be enforced to the fullest extent
permissible under the laws and public policies applied in each jurisdiction
in which such enforcement is sought. Accordingly, a court of competent
jurisdiction is directed to modify any provision to the extent necessary to
render such provision enforceable and if such cannot lawfully be done, then
to sever any such portion of a provision, but only such portion of a
provision necessary to cause the remaining provisions or portions of
provisions to be enforceable. If the final judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this ss.6(d) is invalid
or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making the determination
of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power to reduce the scope,
duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or
phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a
term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to
expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision,
and this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration
of the time within which the judgment may be appealed.   (e) Commercial
Insurance. From and after the Closing Date, each Seller shall make available
to the Buyer the benefits of insurance purchased from outside companies, if
any, against all losses covered under fire, liability, or other commercial
insurance relating to the Business, to the extent that any Acquired Asset, is
entitled to coverage thereunder, in the amounts recovered in connection with
such losses and in accordance with the terms of the applicable insurance
policies; provided, that (a) such losses relate to occurrences (with respect
to occurrence-based policies) or claims made (with respect to claims-made-
based policies) which arose on or prior to the Closing Date, and (b) such
amounts are actually paid by such insurers to a Seller (exclusive of any self
insured retention or deductible and exclusive of amounts paid any
Affiliate in any self insured arrangement). Each Seller shall use its best
efforts to pursue all claims for insurance in accordance with this ss.6(e)
but shall not be obliged to litigate against any insurer. Each Seller shall
have the exclusive   47    right to manage any such claim; provided,
however, that (i) such Seller shall consult with Buyer with respect to the
pursuit of such insurance and shall promptly advise Buyer as to the progress
thereof, (ii) Buyer shall have the right to monitor the defense of any such
claim and (iii) Buyer shall have the right to assume the management of any
such claim if, in Buyer\'s sole discretion, the Buyer determines that any
claim negatively impacts the Business.   (f) Transition Assistance. Without
payment of any further consideration other than the consideration expressly
set forth in this Agreement, (i) for a period of ninety (90) days from the
Closing Date, Messrs. Smuschkowitz, Nusbaum and Weiner shall provide to Buyer
and its Affiliates such reasonable assistance as Buyer shall request in order
to effect the transition of the Business to Buyer, including by providing
contact information for counsel representing Sellers for each item of
Intellectual Property and (ii) thereafter Weiner shall provide reasonable
assistance for up to nine (9) months after the Closing Date but shall be
reimbursed by Buyer for any reasonable out of pocket costs incurred in
connection therewith.   (g) Confidentiality. Each Seller and each
Stockholder recognizes that, by reason of its ownership of the Business
thereof, and by reason of the fact that information is being provided by
Buyer to Sellers and Stockholders in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby, such Seller and Stockholder may have acquired and/or may
acquire Buyer Confidential Information, the use or disclosure of which could
cause the Buyer substantial loss and damages that could not be readily
calculated and for which no remedy at law would be adequate. Accordingly,
each Seller and Stockholder covenants and agrees with Buyer that it will not
at any time, except in performance of its obligations to Buyer, directly or
indirectly, use, disclose or publish, or permit other Persons (including
without limitation Affiliates of each Seller) to use, disclose or publish,
any Confidential Information, unless (i) such information is or becomes known
to the public generally through no breach of this Agreement or any
other Contract, or (ii) disclosure is required by applicable law or
Governmental Order; provided, that prior to disclosing any information
pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, each Seller shall give prior written
notice thereof to Buyer and provide Buyer with the opportunity to contest
such disclosure and shall cooperate with efforts to prevent such disclosure.
Buyer shall treat all personal information of Sellers and Stockholders as
Confidential Information, unless otherwise required by law.   (h) Name
Change. Following the Closing, Sellers agree not to use any Intellectual
Property which is part of the Acquired Assets, or adopt any trademark,
tradename, image, text or other item which is similar to any Intellectual
Property of the Acquired Assets. On or prior to the Closing Date, Sellers
shall change their names or tradenames to such other names and to do such
other things as shall be necessary or desirable to permit Buyer to assume and
use exclusively the Intellectual Property included in the Acquired Assets.  
(i) Further Assurances. At any time or from time to time after the
Closing, Sellers shall, at the request of Buyer and at no additional cost or
expense, execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and take
all such further action as Buyer may reasonably request in order to evidence
or effect the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the transfer of information and data (in such format as reasonably specified
by the Buyer) included in the Acquired Assets . At any time or from time to
time after the Closing, Buyer shall, at the reasonable request of Sellers and
at no additional cost or expense, execute and deliver any further instruments
or documents and   48    take all such further action as Sellers may
reasonably request in order to evidence or effect the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   7. Conditions to Obligation to
Close.   (a) Conditions to Obligation of Buyer. The obligation of Buyer
to consummate the transactions to be performed by it in connection with the
Closing is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions:   (i) the
representations and warranties set forth in ss.3 above that  are qualified as
to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true  and correct as of
the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as if made on  the Closing Date
and the representations and warranties that are not so  qualified shall be
true and correct in all material respects;   (ii) each Seller shall have
performed and complied with all of its  covenants hereunder in all material
respects to the extent they are to be  performed on or prior to the Closing
Date;   (iii) there shall not be any injunction, judgment, order, decree, 
ruling, or charge in effect or threatened preventing, enjoining or 
materially restraining consummation of any of the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement;   (iv) the applicable waiting period, if any, under the
HSR Act shall  have expired or been terminated and all consents,
authorizations, orders  and approvals of, or filings or registrations with
any government,  government agency or court or any other Person required in
connection with  the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the  transactions contemplated hereby, or necessary to provide for the 
continuation in full force and effect of each of the contracts and permits, 
(including without limitation third party consents) shall have been  obtained
or made and shall be in full force and effect;   (v) since the date of this
Agreement, there shall not have occurred a  Material Adverse Effect, or any
event or circumstance or combination of  events or circumstances that
individually or in the aggregate are  reasonably likely to result in a
Material Adverse Effect;   (vi) all indebtedness for borrowed money of
Sellers (together with any  accrued interest or prepayment penalties) shall
have been paid in full, and  any and all Security Interests granted by
Sellers in respect of the  Acquired Assets shall have been terminated and all
letters of credit issued  in respect of the Business shall have been
terminated;   (vii) Buyer shall have received an opinion of counsel to
Sellers and  Stockholders, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Buyer;   (viii) Wax shall have entered into a lease in form satisfactory
to  Buyer for the lease of the premises located in Selma, Alabama for a
period  of three (3) years, which lease will provide, without limitation,
that (A)   49     the rent shall be limited to payment of real estate
taxes, utilities and  insurance costs for the term of the lease, (B) that
Buyer may terminate the  lease at any time on thirty (30) days notice and (C)
that Buyer shall have  an option to purchase Sellers\' premises located in
Selma, Alabama for US $1  at any time during the term of the lease;   (ix)
the license agreements between Concord and National Candy and Toy,  Inc. shall
have been amended to provide for termination of such agreements  by Buyer
within one hundred eighty (180) days after Closing without any  payment or
other obligation by or on behalf of Buyer to licensee in  connection with
such termination;   (x) the Escrow Agreement, substantially in the form
attached hereto as  Exhibit B, has been fully executed and delivered by the
Escrow Agent and  the Representatives;   (xi) the delivery, findings and
conclusions of the Environmental  Investigations are acceptable to Buyer;  
(xii) Sellers shall have delivered to the Buyer evidence satisfactory  to the
Buyer:   (1) Section 6 clearance certificate that all amounts to be
withheld  and remitted by Sellers in respect of the Business under the 
Retail Sales Tax Act (Ontario) and similar legislation of other 
jurisdictions have been paid;   (2) that an order of a court of competent
jurisdiction has been  obtained with respect to each of Concord and Terra
Rouge to the  effect that the purchase and sale of the Acquired Assets of
such  Seller is exempt from the requirements of the Bulk Sales Act 
(Ontario) and similar legislation of other jurisdictions; and   (3) that all
amounts required to be paid in respect of the Business  by Sellers under the
Workplace Safety and Insurance Act (Ontario)  and similar legislation of
other jurisdictions have been paid.   (xiii) the Title Commitment, Title
Policy and Survey in form and  substance as set out in ss.5(g) above, shall
have been delivered or  obtained.   (xiv) Sellers shall have delivered to
the Buyer:   (1) an executed transfer/deed in registrable form in favor of
the  Buyer or as the Buyer may otherwise direct containing the  statements
required by clauses (a) and (b) of subsection 50(22)  of the Planning Act
(Ontario);   (2) statutory declarations of an officer of Concord and Terra
Rouge  confirming that each of Concord and Terra Rouge, respectively, is 
not a non-resident of Canada within the meaning of Section 116 of  the Income
Tax Act (Canada);   50     (3) an assignment to the Buyer of the
Canadian Tire Lease and of all  rents accruing due thereunder from and after
the Closing, which  assignment shall contain a covenant to the effect that
the Seller  will indemnify and save harmless the Buyer from and against all 
actions, suits, costs, losses, charges, demands and expenses  arising as a
result of any default on its part as landlord  pursuant to the Leases prior
to the Closing Date;   (4) a written direction from the Seller to Canadian
Tire directing  such Tenant to pay all future rentals to the Buyer or to whom
the  Buyer will direct;   (5) executed acknowledgements in a form provided
by the Buyer\'s  Counsel from Canadian Tire confirming that:   a. the
Canadian Tire Lease is in full force and effect,  unmodified;   b. Canadian
Tire is in possession of the premises;   c. no sums on account of advance
rent have been paid  except as specified in the acknowledgment;   d. to the
best of the knowledge of Canadian Tire, there is  no default on the part of
Terra Rouge and, no event of  any kind has occurred which would permit
Canadian Tire  to terminate the Canadian Tire Lease or withhold  payment of
rent;   e. no default on the part of Canadian Tire has occurred  and is
continuing unremedied; and   f. Canadian Tire has no right of set off
against Terra  Rouge or against any rent payable thereunder;   (6) all post
dated checks from Canadian Tire which will be endorsed  without recourse in
favor of the Buyer;   (7) an assignment to the Buyer of all warranties and
guarantees of  workmanship and material received from any Person supplying
work  and material with respect to the buildings forming part of the  Owned
Real Property, and of any and all rights and recourses  arising out of any
defect in construction;   (8) a statutory declaration of the Seller
confirming that the  premises have never been occupied and are not occupied
at Closing  by any shareholder of the Seller as a family residence and that 
the premises have never been used in conjunction with a family 
residence;   51     (9) evidence satisfactory to the Buyer\'s Counsel,
acting reasonably,  that the Permitted Encumbrances have been complied with
to the  date of Closing;   (xv) the Spanish Subsidiaries shall have agreed
to provide such  information as is necessary for Buyer to prepare and file
any and all  quarterly and annual financial information with the SEC in a
timely manner;   (xvi) the agreement between Concord and Mr. Edward P.
Fenimore  referred to in ss.6(b)(viii)(2) has been fully executed and
delivered;   (xvii) each Seller and Stockholder shall have delivered to
Buyer a  certificate to the effect that each of the conditions specified
above in  ss.7(a)(i)-(xvi) is satisfied in all respects; and   (xviii) all
actions to be taken by Sellers in connection with  consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and all certificates,  opinions,
instruments, and other documents required to effect the  transactions
contemplated hereby will be reasonably satisfactory in form  and substance to
Buyer.  Buyer may waive any condition specified in this ss.7(a) if it
executes a writing so stating at or prior to the Closing.   (b) Conditions
to Obligation of Sellers. The obligation of Sellers and Stockholders to
consummate the transactions to be performed by them in connection with the
Closing is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions:   (i) the
representations and warranties set forth in ss.4 above shall  be true and
correct in all material respects at and as of the Closing Date;   (ii) Buyer
shall have performed and complied with all of its covenants  hereunder in all
material respects through the Closing,   (iii) there shall not be any
injunction, judgment, order, decree,  ruling, or charge in effect or
threatened preventing consummation of any of  the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement;   (iv) the applicable waiting period, if any, under the
HSR Act shall  have expired or been terminated;   (v) the Escrow Agreement,
substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B, has been fully
executed and delivered by the Escrow Agent and  Buyers;   (vi) Buyer shall
have delivered to Seller a certificate to the effect  that each of the
conditions specified above in ss.7(b)(i)-(v) is satisfied  in all respects;
and   (vii) all actions to be taken by Buyer in connection with
consummation  of the transactions contemplated hereby and all certificates,
opinions,  instruments, and other documents required to effect the
transactions   52     contemplated hereby will be reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance  to Sellers.  Sellers may waive any
condition specified in this ss.7(b) if it executes a writing so stating at or
prior to the Closing.   8. Survival; Indemnification.   (a) Survival of
Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties of
Sellers and Stockholders on the one hand and Buyer on the other hand
contained in ss.3 and ss.4, respectively, above shall survive the Closing
hereunder and continue in full force and effect thereafter until the 18-month
anniversary of the Closing Date; provided that the representations
and warranties contained in ss.ss.3(a), (b), (e), (f), (g), (m)(as to IMI
only), 4(a) and (b) shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and
effect forever (subject to any applicable statute of limitations); provided
further, that the representations and warranties contained in ss.ss.3(l) and
(aa) shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect
thereafter until the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date (subject to any
applicable statute of limitations). All of the covenants of the Parties
contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing and continue in full
force and effect forever thereafter (subject to any applicable statutes of
limitations).   (b) Indemnification Provisions for Benefit of Buyer.   (i)
In the event Sellers and the Stockholders breach any of their 
representations, warranties, and covenants contained above, and, provided 
that Buyer makes a written claim for indemnification against Sellers and 
Stockholders within the survival period set forth in ss.8(a) above, then 
Sellers and Stockholders, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify Buyer 
(including its Affiliates) from and against any Adverse Consequences  arising
prior to, on or after the Closing Date that Buyer (including its  Affiliates)
shall suffer that have been caused by such breach; provided,  however, that
as to breaches of the covenants contained above in ss.ss.6(d)  and (g) above
shall be several and not joint with respect to Sellers and  Stockholders;
provided, further, that Sellers and the Stockholders shall  not have any
obligation to indemnify Buyer from and against any Adverse  Consequences
caused by the breach of any representation or warranty of  Sellers and
Stockholders contained in ss.3 above until the Buyer has  suffered Adverse
Consequences by reason of a breach in each occurrence  equal to or in excess
of a US $10,000 threshold in the aggregate (after  which Sellers and
Stockholders will be obligated to indemnify the Buyer  from and against any
and all Adverse Consequences in respect of such breach  without regard to the
US $10,000 threshold); provided, further, that  Sellers and the Stockholders
shall not have any obligation to indemnify  Buyer from and against any
Adverse Consequences caused by the breach of any  representation or warranty
or covenant of Sellers contained herein until  Buyer has suffered Adverse
Consequences by reason of all such breaches in  excess of a US $100,000
aggregate threshold (after which Sellers will be  obligated to indemnify
Buyer from and against any and all Adverse  Consequences in respect of all
such breaches without regard to the US  $100,000 threshold back to the first
dollar). For purposes of  clarification, any Adverse Consequence by reason of
a breach in each  occurrence less than a US $10,000 threshold in the
aggregate shall not give   53     rise to any indemnification to Buyer
pursuant to this ss.8(b) and shall not  be counted in determining the
US$100,000 aggregate threshold referenced  above in this section.   (ii)
Sellers and the Stockholders, jointly and severally, agree to  indemnify the
Buyer (including its Affiliates) from and against the  entirety of any
Adverse Consequences arising prior to, on or after the  Closing Date that the
Buyer (including its Affiliates) shall suffer  resulting from, arising out
of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by  any Liability of Sellers,
Stockholders or their Affiliates which is not an  Assumed Liability.  
(iii) Sellers and the Stockholders, jointly and severally, agree to 
indemnify the Buyer (including its Affiliates) from and against any and all 
Adverse Consequences arising prior to, on or after the Closing Date in 
respect of the period prior to the Closing that the Buyer (including its 
Affiliates) shall suffer resulting from, arising out of, related to, in the 
nature of, or caused by any Liability (including Taxes) of IMI.   (iv)
Sellers and the Stockholders, jointly and severally, agree to  indemnify the
Buyer (including its Affiliates) from and against the  entirety of any
Adverse Consequences arising prior to, on or after the  Closing Date with
respect to the period prior to Closing and any and all  defense costs
associated with such matters arising after the Closing Date  that the Buyer
(including its Affiliates) shall suffer resulting from,  arising out of,
relating to, in the nature of, or caused by any and all  matters set forth on
ss.3(u) of the Disclosure Schedule; provided however,  that as to the
intellectual property matters disclosed in ss.3(u) of the  Disclosure
Statement Sellers and Stockholders shall be responsible for and  shall
indemnify Buyer for any monetary damages related to such claims for  the
period on and prior to the Closing Date and Buyer shall be responsible  for
and shall indemnify Sellers and Stockholders for any monetary damages 
related to such claims for the period after the Closing Date; provided 
further; that in the event a third party with respect to any intellectual 
property matter set forth on ss.3(u) of the Disclosure Schedule is prepared 
or proposes to resolve such claims on the condition that Buyer cease sales 
or reengineer the alleged infringing product, Buyer shall have the option  in
its sole discretion to do one of the following: (1) cease and desist  sales
of such products in accordance with such third party\'s proposal, (2) 
reengineer such products in accordance with such third party\'s proposal or 
(3) assume defense of such claim at that time from Sellers, including all 
defense costs associated therewith from and after the date Buyer assumes  the
defense of such claim.   (v) Each Seller and Stockholder shall have no
personal liability to  the Buyer (or its Affiliates) pursuant to this
ss.8(i), (ii) and (iii)  unless and until all amounts held in the Escrow
Account have been expended  or released to the Representatives. Except with
respect to breaches of  ss.ss.6(d) and (g), whenever Buyer (or its
Affiliates) seeks  indemnification hereunder, Buyer agrees to name each of
the Stockholders in  such claim; provided that, subject to ss.8(b)(1), Buyer
may collect all or  any part of such Adverse Consequences from any one or
more of the  Stockholders.   54     (c) Indemnification Provisions for
Benefit of Seller.   (i) In the event Buyer breaches any of its
representations,  warranties, and covenants contained herein, then Buyer
agrees to indemnify  Sellers and the Stockholders from and against the
Adverse Consequences that  Sellers shall suffer that have been caused by such
breach.   (ii) The Buyer agrees to indemnify Sellers and Stockholders from
and  against the entirety of any Adverse Consequences Sellers and
Stockholders  shall suffer caused resulting from, arising out of, relating
to, in the  nature of, or caused by any Assumed Liability.   (d) Matters
Involving Third Parties.   (i) If any third party shall notify any Party
(the "Indemnified  Party") with respect to any matter (a "Third Party Claim")
which may give  rise to a claim for indemnification against any other Party
(the  "Indemnifying Party") under this ss.8, then the Indemnified Parties
shall  promptly notify each Indemnifying Party thereof in writing;
provided,  however, that no delay on the part of the Indemnified Party in
notifying  any Indemnifying Party shall relieve the Indemnifying Party from
any  obligation hereunder unless (and then solely to the extent) the 
Indemnifying Party thereby is prejudiced.   (ii) Any Indemnifying Party will
have the right to defend the  Indemnified Party against the Third Party Claim
with counsel of its choice  reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party
so long as (A) the  Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party in
writing within fifteen  (15) days after the Indemnified Party has given
notice of the Third Party  Claim that the Indemnifying Party will indemnify
the Indemnified Party from  and against the entirety of any Adverse
Consequences the Indemnified Party  may suffer resulting from, arising out
of, relating to, in the nature of,  or caused by the Third Party Claim, (B)
the Indemnifying Party provides the  Indemnified Party with evidence
reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified  Party that the Indemnifying Party
will have the financial resources to  defend against the Third Party Claim
and fulfill its indemnification  obligations hereunder, (C) the Third Party
Claim involves only money  damages and does not seek an injunction or other
equitable relief, (D)  settlement of, or an adverse judgment with respect to,
the Third Party  Claim is not, in the good faith judgment of the Indemnified
Party, likely  to establish a precedential custom or practice materially
adverse to the  continuing business interests of the Indemnified Party, and
(E) the  Indemnifying Party conducts the defense of the Third Party Claim
actively  and diligently.   (iii) So long as the Indemnifying Party is
conducting the defense of  the Third Party Claim in accordance with
ss.8(d)(ii) above, (A) the  Indemnified Party may retain separate co-counsel
at its sole cost and  expense and participate in the defense of the Third
Party Claim, (B) the  Indemnified Party will not consent to the entry of any
judgment or enter  into any settlement with respect to the Third Party Claim
without the prior  written consent of the Indemnifying Party (not to be
withheld  unreasonably), and (C) the Indemnifying Party will not consent to
the entry   55     of any judgment or enter into any settlement with
respect to the Third  Party Claim without the prior written consent of the
Indemnified Party (not  to be withheld unreasonably).   (iv) In the event
any of the conditions in ss.8(d)(ii) above is or  becomes unsatisfied,
however, (A) the Indemnified Party may defend against,  and consent to the
entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement with  respect to, the
Third Party Claim in any manner it may deem appropriate  (and the Indemnified
Party need not consult with, or obtain any consent  from, any Indemnifying
Party in connection therewith), (B) the Indemnifying  Parties will reimburse
the Indemnified Party promptly and periodically for  the costs of defending
against the Third Party Claim (including attorneys\'  fees and expenses), and
(C) the Indemnifying Parties will remain  responsible for any Adverse
Consequences the Indemnified Party may suffer  resulting from, arising out
of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by  the Third Party Claim to the
fullest extent provided in this ss.8.   (e) Determination of Adverse
Consequences. Solely for the purposes of determining Adverse Consequences
pursuant to this ss.8, any requirement in a representation or warranty that
an event or fact be material or have a Material Adverse Effect or Material
Adverse Change, which is a condition to such event or fact constituting an
inaccuracy or breach of such representation or warranty, shall be ignored and
any and all Adverse Consequences arising out of the inaccuracy or breach of
such representation or warranty shall be taken into account for purposes of
determining the rights of the Parties to indemnification pursuant to this
ss.8. All indemnification payments under this ss.8 shall be deemed
adjustments to the Purchase Price.   9. Termination.   (a) Termination of
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary, the Parties may terminate this Agreement as provided below:   (i)
The Buyer and the Representatives may terminate this Agreement by  mutual
written consent at any time prior to the Closing;   (ii) Buyer may terminate
this Agreement by giving written notice to  the Representatives on or before
the twelfth business day after the date  hereof in the event Buyer\'s
investigation of the Business and operations of  Sellers is not satisfactory
to Buyer, in its sole discretion;   (iii) The Buyer may terminate this
Agreement by giving written notice  to the Representatives at any time prior
to the Closing (A) in the event  Sellers have breached any representation,
warranty, or covenant contained  in this Agreement, Buyer has notified the
Representatives of the breach,  and the breach has continued without cure for
a period of ten (10) business  days after the notice of breach or (B) if the
Closing shall not have  occurred on or before ninety (90) days after the date
of this Agreement  (unless the failure results primarily from Buyer itself
breaching any  representation, warranty, or covenant contained in this
Agreement); and   56     (iv) The Representatives may terminate this
Agreement by giving  written notice to Buyer at any time prior to the Closing
(A) in the event  Buyer has breached any material representation, warranty,
or covenant  contained in this Agreement in any material respect, the
Representatives  have notified Buyer of the breach, and the breach has
continued without  cure for a period of ten (10) business days after the
notice of breach or  (B) if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before
ninety (90) days  after the date of this Agreement by reason of the failure
of any condition  precedent under ss.7(b) hereof (unless the failure results
primarily from  Sellers themselves breaching any representation, warranty, or
covenant  contained in this Agreement).   (b) Effect of Termination. If any
Party terminates this Agreement pursuant to ss.9(a) above upon written notice
to the other Party, all rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall
terminate and be of no further force and effect and without any Liability of
any Party to any other Party (except for any liability of any Party then in
breach); provided, however, that ss.6(h), ss.8, ss.9(b), ss.10 above shall
survive the termination.   10. Miscellaneous.   (a) Press Releases and
Public Announcements. No Party shall issue any press release or make any
public announcement relating to the subject matter of this Agreement without
the prior consent of Buyer and the Representatives; provided, however, that
Buyer may make any public disclosure it believes is required by applicable
law or any listing or trading agreement concerning its publicly-traded
securities (in which case the disclosing Party will use its good faith
efforts to advise the other Parties prior to making the disclosure).   (b)
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall not confer any rights or
remedies upon any Person other than the Parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns.   (c) Entire Agreement. This
Agreement (including the documents referred to herein) constitutes the entire
agreement among the Parties and supersedes any prior understandings,
agreements, or representations by or among the Parties, written or oral, to
the extent they related in any way to the subject matter hereof.   (d)
Succession and Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the Parties named herein and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. No Party may assign either this Agreement or any of his or
its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior
written approval of Buyer and the Representatives; provided, however, that
Buyer may (i) assign any or all of its rights and interests hereunder to one
or more of its Affiliates and (ii) designate one or more of its Affiliates to
perform its obligations hereunder (in any or all of which cases Buyer
nonetheless shall remain responsible for the performance of all of its
obligations hereunder); provided, further, that Buyer may collaterally assign
its rights hereunder to any financial institution providing financing in
connection with this Agreement.   57     (e) Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same
instrument.   (f) Headings. The section headings contained in this Agreement
are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement.   (g) Notices. All notices, requests,
demands, claims, and other communications hereunder will be in writing. Any
notice, request, demand, claim, or other communication hereunder shall be
addressed to the intended recipient as set forth below:   If to
Sellers:   Bruce Weiner  515 Heards Ferry Road  Atlanta, Georgia 30328 
U.S.A.  Facsimile: (404) 843-3304   and   Howard Smuschkowitz  4
Frybrook Road  Toronto, Ontario M4V 2R2  Canada  Facsimile: (416)
483-0882   and   Serge Nusbaum  8 Fifeshire Road  North York, Ontario
M2L 2G5  Canada  Facsimile: (416) 222-5441   Copy to (which shall not
constitute notice):   Heenan Blaikie LLP  Suite 2600, P.O. Box 185  South
Tower, Royal Bank Plaza  Toronto, Ontario M5J 2J4  Attention: Stanley W. L.
Freedman, Esq.  Facsimile: (416) 360-8425   58     If to Buyer:  
Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.  7401 South Cicero Avenue  Chicago, Illinois
60629  Attention: Ellen R. Gordon, President  Facsimile: (773) 838-3534  
Copy to (which shall not constitute notice):   McDermott Will and Emery LLP 
227 West Monroe Street  Chicago, Illinois 60606  Attention: Bernard S.
Kramer, Esq.  Facsimile: (312) 984-7700  Any Party may send any notice,
request, demand, claim, or other communication hereunder to the intended
recipient at the address set forth above using any other means (including
personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger service, telecopy, telex,
ordinary mail, or electronic mail), but no such notice, request, demand,
claim, or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly given unless
and until it actually is received by the intended recipient. Any Party may
change the address to which notices, requests, demands, claims, and other
communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other
Parties notice in the manner herein set forth.   (h) Expenses. Each of
Buyer on the one hand and Seller and Stockholders on the other hand will bear
its own costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.  
(i) Governing Law. This Agreement and all disputes, claims or
controversies relating to, arising out of, or in connection with this
Agreement, including any question regarding its formation, existence,
validity, enforceability, performance, interpretation, breach or termination,
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of
the State of Illinois without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law
provision or rule (whether of the State of Illinois or any other
jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Illinois.   (j) Arbitration.   (i)
Except for claims barred by the applicable survival period in  ss.8(a) (which
may not be pursued by the Parties) and except for claims for  preliminary or
provisional injunctive relief (which may be pursued in  federal or state
court), any and all disputes between the Parties that  relate to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, and which  cannot be
amicably settled, shall be determined solely and exclusively by  arbitration
administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in  Chicago,
Illinois under the then-effective Commercial Arbitration Rules of  the AAA,
in accordance with the Illinois Uniform Arbitration Act. There  shall be one
(1) arbitrator (the "Arbitrator") who is approved with AAA and  appointed by
mutual agreement of Buyer and the Representatives. In the   59     event
the Buyer and Representatives are unable mutually to appoint an  Arbitrator,
any Party may request the AAA to appoint an Arbitrator that the  AAA
reasonably believes has the expertise and experience necessary to  resolve
such dispute.   (ii) Discovery and discovery procedures (including, but not
limited  to, the timing and permissibility of interrogatories, document
requests and  depositions) shall be in the sole discretion of the Arbitrator.
The Parties  shall be allowed to serve subpoenas on third parties. The
subpoenas may  seek to compel the production of documents, appearance at a
deposition  and/or attendance at the arbitration hearing. The Arbitrator
shall issue  such subpoenas at the request of any of the Parties and the
Party serving  the subpoenas shall be responsible for compelling the
enforcement of such  subpoenas. Each Party shall bear its own costs and
expenses incurred in  connection with the discovery and discovery procedures
hereunder unless  otherwise determined by the Arbitrator.   (iii) The
Arbitrator shall have the authority to award any remedy or  relief that a
court in the State of Illinois with competent jurisdiction  could order or
grant, including specific performance of any obligation  created under this
Agreement, the issuance of injunctive or other  provisional relief, and the
imposition of sanctions for abuse or  frustration of the arbitration process.
The arbitration award shall be in  writing and specify the factual and legal
basis for the award. Judgment on  the award rendered by the Arbitrator may be
entered in any court having  jurisdiction thereof.   (iv) It is the intent
of the Parties that any arbitration shall be  concluded as quickly as
reasonably practicable. Subject to the availability  of the Arbitrator,
unless the parties otherwise agree, once commenced, the  hearing on the
disputed matters shall be held at least four (4) days a week  until
concluded, with each hearing date to begin at 9:00 a.m. and to  conclude at
5:00 p.m., or at such times agreed to by the Arbitrator. The  Arbitrator
shall use its best efforts to issue the final award or awards  within a
period of five (5) business days after closure of the proceedings.  Failure
of the Arbitrator to meet the time limits of delivering its  judgment shall
not be a basis for challenging the award. Unless otherwise  agreed to by the
Parties, all arbitration Parties\' proceedings, not  including issuance of a
final award, shall conclude no later than one  hundred twenty (120) days
after notice of such claim for arbitration.   (v) Each Party shall bear such
Party\'s own costs and pay one-half of  the fees and expenses of the
Arbitrator equally divided between Buyer, on  the one hand, and Sellers and
Stockholders, on the other hand unless  otherwise determined by the
Arbitrator.   (vi) If there shall be a dispute between the Parties that
relates to  this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, each
Party shall  keep confidential the existence and the nature of any
information  concerning such dispute. In addition, if any action or other
proceeding is  held with respect to such dispute, the Parties shall use their
reasonable  efforts to cause such action or other proceeding to be conducted
in  confidence and the results thereof to be maintained in confidence
(subject  to the rules of the forum of the dispute). Nothing in this ss.10(j)
shall   60     prohibit a Party from disclosing information concerning a
dispute to its  advisors, provided that (A) such disclosure is reasonably
necessary for the  advisor to assist the Party in connection with the
dispute, and (B) the  Party informs its advisor of the confidential nature of
the information.   (k) Amendments and Waivers. No amendment of any provision
of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and
signed by Buyer and the Representatives. No waiver by any Party of any
default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder,
whether intentional or not, shall be deemed to extend to any prior or
subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant
hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior or
subsequent such occurrence.   (l) Severability. Any term or provision of
this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any
jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining
terms and provisions hereof or the validity or enforceability of the
offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other
jurisdiction.   (m) Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in
the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or
question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be
construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden
of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the
authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Any reference to any
federal, state, provincial, local, or foreign statute or law shall be deemed
also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the
context requires otherwise. The word "including" shall mean including without
limitation.   (n) Incorporation of Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits. The
Disclosure Schedule and Exhibits identified in this Agreement are
incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof.   * * *  
61     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement
as of the date first above written.  BUYER: ------  TOOTSIE ROLL
INDUSTRIES, INC.  By. /s/ Ellen R. Gordon 
-------------------------------------------------- Name: Ellen R. Gordon 
------------------------------------------------ Title: President 
------------------------------------------------  SELLERS: --------  CONCORD
CONFECTIONS INC.  By. /s/ Bruce Weiner 
-------------------------------------------------- Name: Bruce Weiner 
------------------------------------------------ Title: Vice President 
------------------------------------------------  By. /s/ Howard
Smuschkowitz  -------------------------------------------------- Name:
Howard Smuschkowitz  ------------------------------------------------ Title:
President  ------------------------------------------------  By. /s/ Serge
Nusbaum  -------------------------------------------------- Name: Serge
Nusbaum  ------------------------------------------------ Title: Secretary-
Treasurer  ------------------------------------------------   TERRA ROUGE
ESTATES INC.  By. /s/ Bruce Weiner 
-------------------------------------------------- Name: Bruce Weiner 
------------------------------------------------ Title: Secretary 
------------------------------------------------  By. /s/ Howard
Smuschkowitz  -------------------------------------------------- Name:
Howard Smuschkowitz  ------------------------------------------------ Title:
President  ------------------------------------------------  By. /s/ Serge
Nusbaum  -------------------------------------------------- Name: Serge
Nusbaum  ------------------------------------------------ Title: Vice
President  ------------------------------------------------   ALPHARETTA
CONFECTIONS, INC.  By. /s/ Bruce Weiner 
-------------------------------------------------- Name: Bruce Weiner 
------------------------------------------------ Title: CEO and Secretary 
------------------------------------------------   CONCORD WAX LLC  By.
/s/ Bruce Weiner  -------------------------------------------------- Name:
Bruce Weiner  ------------------------------------------------ Title:
Manager  ------------------------------------------------  By. /s/ Howard
Smuschkowitz  -------------------------------------------------- Name:
Howard Smuschkowitz  ------------------------------------------------ Title:
Manager  ------------------------------------------------  By. /s/ Serge
Nusbaum  -------------------------------------------------- Name: Serge
Nusbaum  ------------------------------------------------ Title: Manager 
------------------------------------------------     SIGNATURE PAGE TO
PURCHASE AGREEMENT    STOCKHOLDERS: -------------  /s/ Howard
Smuschkowitz ----------------------------------------------------- Howard
Smuschkowitz  /s/ Serge
Nusbaum ----------------------------------------------------- Serge
Nusbaum  /s/ Bruce
Weiner ----------------------------------------------------- Bruce
Weiner    Bay-Charles Investments Ltd.  By: /s/ Bruce Weiner 
-------------------------------------------------- Name: Bruce Weiner 
------------------------------------------------ Title: President and
Secretary  ------------------------------------------------   ONWARD
INVESTMENTS LIMITED  By: /s/ Howard Smuschkowitz 
------------------------------------------------- Name: Howard Smuschkowitz 
----------------------------------------------- Title: President, Secretary
and Treasurer  ----------------------------------------------   JS Nusbaum
Holdings inc.  By: /s/ Serge Nusbaum 
------------------------------------------------- Name: Serge Nusbaum 
----------------------------------------------- Title: President 
----------------------------------------------   973031 Ontario
Limited  By: /s/ Bruce Weiner 
------------------------------------------------- Name: Bruce Weiner 
----------------------------------------------- Title: President and
Secretary  ----------------------------------------------     SIGNATURE
PAGE TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT    973032 Ontario Limited  By: /s/ Howard
Smuschkowitz  ------------------------------------------------- Name: Howard
Smuschkowitz  ----------------------------------------------- Title:
President and Secretary 
----------------------------------------------   973033 Ontario
Limited  By: /s/ Serge Nusbaum 
------------------------------------------------- Name: Serge Nusbaum 
----------------------------------------------- Title: President and
Secretary  ----------------------------------------------   TRUST
STOCKHOLDERS: ------------------  ONWARD VOTING TRUST   By: /s/ Howard
Smuschkowitz  -------------------------------------------------  Howard
Smuschkowitz, as trustee    SMUSCHKOWITZ FAMILY TRUST   By: /s/ Howard
Smuschkowitz  -------------------------------------------------  Howard
Smuschkowitz, as trustee  By: /s/ Bruce Weiner 
--------------------------------------------------  Bruce Weiner, as
trustee  By: /s/ Dora Kichler 
--------------------------------------------------  Dora Kichler, as
trustee   HOWARD SMUSCHKOWITZ TRUST   By: /s/ Howard Smuschkowitz 
-------------------------------------------------  Howard Smuschkowitz, as
trustee   By: /s/ Bruce Weiner 
--------------------------------------------------  Bruce Weiner, as
trustee   By: /s/ Dora Kichler 
--------------------------------------------------  Dora Kichler, as
trustee     SIGNATURE PAGE TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT    NUSBAUM VOTING
TRUST   By: /s/ Serge Nusbaum 
-------------------------------------------------  Serge Nusbaum, as
trustee   NUSBAUM FAMILY TRUST  By: /s/ Serge Nusbaum 
-------------------------------------------------  Serge Nusbaum, as
trustee   By: /s/ Diane Nusbaum 
--------------------------------------------------  Diane Nusbaum, as
trustee   By: /s/ Ron Gabbay 
--------------------------------------------------  Ron Gabbay, as
trustee     SIGNATURE PAGE TO PURCHASE AGREEMENT     Exhibit Index 
-------------  Pursuant to Item 601(b) of Regulation S-K, the Exhibits have
been omitted from this Agreement. The registrant will furnish a copy of any
omitted Exhibit to the Commission upon request.  Exhibit A - Purchase Price
Allocation  Exhibit B - Escrow Agreement  Exhibit C - Disclosure Schedule
to Purchase Agreement   o Section 3(c) - Noncontravention  o Section 3(e) -
Ownership of Sellers  o Section 3(f) - Impel Movieline Inc.  o Section
3(i)(i) - Financial Statements  o Section 3(i)(ii) - Additional Financial
Information  o Section 3(j) - Events Subsequent to December 31, 2003  o
Section 3(m) - Tax Matters of Impel Movieline Inc.  o Section 3(m)(iv) -
Audits of Impel Movieline Inc.  o Section 3(n)(i) - Owned Real Property  o
Section 3(n)(ii) - Leased Real Property  o Section 3(o)(i) - IP
Infringement  o Section 3(o)(ii) - IP Registrations  o Section 3(q) -
Accounts Receivable  o Section 3(s) - Contracts  o Section 3(t) -
Insurance  o Section 3(u) - Litigation  o Section 3(v) - Product Warranty 
o Section 3(x) - Employees  o Section 3(y) - Employee Benefits  o Section
3(aa) - Tanks and Equipment  o Section 3(aa)(ii) - Permits, Licenses,
Authorizations  o Section 3(dd) - Backlog  o Section 3(ee) - Suppliers and
Customers  o Section 5(c) - Exceptions to Operation in Ordinary Course  o
Section 5(h) - Transferred Employees     '

